to the W show had a great CES this year
saw a lot of cool stuff I'm back I flew
back I was supposed to be back midnight
instead I was back at 2:30 in the
morning so I um pretty tired but had a
great show ready to talk to you guys
about all the cool stuff we saw
also wow what is this uh crap there was
a topic that I wanted to do oh yes open
AI rejects the New York Times lost suit
that we talked about last week says that
copyrighted material is necessary to
llms therefore we had to use it yeah
that's going to be our headline topic
today we'll have a little bit of
discussion about that what else we got
Luke video games are no longer the
biggest entertainment medium in
Britain really wamp wamp for all of us
really to be completely honest so yep uh
also valve cracks down on fan
projects those are what you picked what
else what else would I pick I wouldn't
have guessed I was thinking maybe the oh
the eBay one's Biz wizard what even is
that one oh it's bizarre like eBay eBay
people like harassed people like mailed
them animals and stuff because yeah no
it's a whole thing well yeah well they
settled like it's a thing who yeah we'll
talk about that they
[Music]
settled
okay we got to talk about that the show
is brought to you today by Wicked
cushions check out Wicked cushions at
the link down below or check them out on
your face well your face sorry my face
or yeah yeah uh Dan Dan got some too but
um he doesn't get to have them yet you
don't get to check out my face yeah
we'll do this we'll do the sponsor we'll
do the sponsor read later and then we'll
we'll give him his why don't we jump
right into our first topic today which
is open ai's defense against the New
York Times lawsuit they publicly called
the copyright claim against them
meritless and disappointing yes
according to open AI the only way the
times could have gotten chat GPT to
produce verbatim sections of their
copyrighted text that it was trained on
would have been by manipulating the
prompts with the specific intent to get
that kind of result what meanies what
what mean people open AI has also
recently stated that it would be
impossible to create a useful llm
without some amount of copyrighted
material because most forms of human
expression are either copyrighted or
extremely
old so your honor therefore
meritless and also disappointing I
did I didn't do anything wrong because I
had to do it I had to do it yeah if I
hadn't done it otherwise how would I
have built this business and made all
this money if I didn't steal the
plutonium I couldn't have made the bomb
right so now we've got the bomb and what
you want me to apologize for taking the
plutonium that's meritless I mean
I I'm sorry I kind of I kind of okay I
set this up as the headline topic and I
made it like the title of the stream and
everything cuz I was kind of thinking be
able to Riff on this for a while but it
really does seem kind of open and shut
doesn't it uh your honor um you know
given that the desired result was for
him to be dead uh I'm afraid there was
simply no way to do that without killing
him therefore this murder trial is both
meritless and if I could speak frankly
disappointing and we know guys we know
that them saying meritless and
disappointing we're at different points
in time whatever we're we're yes it
doesn't matter clearly laughing the
point is that open AI clearly has no
actual defense whatsoever or or this is
Sam Alman playing 5D chess coming up
with the worst possible argument that he
can up front so that the New York Times
lawyers will go all right well why don't
we knock off for yeah why don't we knock
off for a month lunch and uh we're just
going to cruise into the courtroom say
uh yo your honor they're the bad guys
and everything will be fine and we're
going to win this thing like maybe they
have some kind of some kind of Ace up
their butt crack that is incredible it's
like the Ace
of
nuggets I was like where is he where is
he possibly going with this one well
there's certainly no diamonds there I'll
tell you that for
sure oh man oh
boy they should probably they should
probably use chat GPT to come up with a
better defense oh oh no that would be
really interesting man I love that I'm
trying to think of like oh like I know
okay I
I like you can't possibly charge me with
corporate
Espionage I mean if I didn't take the
current stuff everything else is
everything that's that's not currently
under NDA is
old like I I come
on I'm going to ask chat GPT what its
legal defense is in this situation and
see what it says okay I'm very excited
for this it's going to take me a sec uh
in the meantime hey guys it's really
good to be back we're going to be
talking about a lot of AI stuff that we
saw down at CES we actually only did a
handful of ltts we did some of those
sponsored ones before the show um we've
got a couple of ones that I'm really
really happy with the one from the Intel
Booth today if you haven't watched it go
watch it it's awesome uh it talks a
little bit about Thunderbolt 5 um a
little bit about this cool new feature
called Thunderbolt share uh the title
for that video is 100% not clickbait um
that whole room was under NDA until I
went in checked it out and I was like
please can we talk about this and there
was a process
and they pretty much got the business
unit head in the room with me a couple
days later and I kind of made my case I
kind of went look I have this idea in my
head for a piece that I want to do on
connectivity uh because frankly what am
I supposed to do talk about meteor
lake so let's talk about moving data
around really fast which is something
that Intel is really flipping been good
at what I want to talk about is
Thunderbolt 5 I want to talk about Wi-Fi
7 which is it anyone else just is anyone
else's jaw on the floor over how Wi-Fi 7
snuck up on us Wi-Fi in general seems to
be moving very fast Wi-Fi 7 came out of
it feels like absolutely nowhere my
first real like oh I am very interested
in this technology happened when I was
on set holding a Wi-Fi 7 access point
and a Wi-Fi 7 device watching them
transfer speeds at it speeds in excess
of 2 3 gbit per second I'm sitting here
going what the heck are you freaking
kidding me a w a Wi-Fi upgrade that
actually upholds the promises it makes
about next gen performance this is
incredible uh so I made my case look I
want to talk about moving data around
really fast and I feel like Thunderbolt
share is really critical but I need you
guys to answer some deeper questions
because the first time I was in there
even when I wasn't going to be making a
video about it yet I was like okay but
like how what's the data path and
they're like we can't tell you any of
that um I still had to do a little bit
of educated guess workk so its early
days all of the software is in Alpha
super cool go watch the video uh but the
other really big one that I'm super
proud of is we did a video on kind of
the the evolving situation around uh
connectors on the back motherboard so
Asus BTF uh MSI project stealth I think
they call it and then gigabyte project
no project Zer I can't remember I think
gigabyte's project stealth MSI project
zero um and then there's now an
ecosystem that's developing for these
products Corsair has two cases that
natively support these rear connector
motherboards and we kind of fleshed it
out into a full LTT by tearing down the
demo PC in corsair's booth and then
rebuilding it as the video kind of
talking about there's one key thing I
missed and I feel stupid for not
mentioning it in the video now but um
how there will be some challenges moving
this to 100% adoption no matter how good
it is no matter how many industry
Partners support it and that's that it
adds a bunch of clearance on the back of
the motherboard especially with stiff
connectors like front usb3 especially
front USB 3 type-c
um that just isn't there on budget cases
that that want to be as as narrow as
possible in order to save on materials
so that's that's something I didn't
cover but other than that it's it's
pretty thorough that one's going to be
really good and then the other kind of
big production that I did on the floor
like not a short circuit like a full LTT
was a Roundup of I think we ended up
hitting about 10 AI booths and I'm
talking AI duct taped to a bicycle AI
duct tape to a computer mouse uh like
what's AI integrated into a
monitor what what would an AI monitor be
luke I challenge you to tell me cuz he
wasn't at the show this year so this is
all going to be fresh for him cuz it's
not like he you know pays attention to
Tech news or anything he's got the W
show for that yeah I saw the rabbit um
and I do want to talk about that yes
we'll definitely talk about the rabbit
but I don't
know like picture picture quality
profile settings changing dynamically
with content yeah I know you're not even
close so we'll talk about that in a bit
all right in the meantime I've stalled
long enough Luke what did chat GPT
suggest for open AI defense it suggested
six different approaches wow something
that I think is actually quite
interesting is that one of them actually
somewhat lines up with what
happened uh which is public interest uh
argue that the development of AI has
significant public interest benefits
like advancing technology Education and
Research which might be considered in
the
context of fair
use wow okay what else has it got well
it also says fair use in general
transformative use minimal use public
interest no direct copying and precedent
and legal ambiguity no direct copying
says emphasized that AI that the AI
model doesn't store or reproduce
verbatim copies of the text but
generates new original content based on
the patterns learned during
training okay so there's some more
plausible defenses in there yeah other
than sorry your honor we had to do it
otherwise how would we have achieved our
goal yeah what what do you even mean
yeah I mean some of them are basically
that with extra steps but I think they
more or less all
are but it is what it is all right well
yeah good luck good luck with that you
guys what do you want to do
next um let's see here okay it is going
good
uh What other main ones do we do you
want to just jump into
CES I I I'd love to yeah let's just do
it yeah let's jump right into CES
um okay we'll talk about I think let's
let's talk about the rabbit R1 this
ended up being a surprise hit and uh i'
I've got to say I am still surprised um
their video has 3.7 million views up in
here uh what no stop I don't not what do
you stop not right now comments turned
off 3-day old video 7.4 4,000
subscribers 3.7 million views 3 7
million views uh this launched as a uh
it was as a Kickstarter is that right or
some kind of some kind of crowdfunded
device I can't remember no I don't think
it did I don't think so no it didn't I
think it just launched for sale
basically it's a $200 palm-sized device
co- co-designed with teenage engineering
that sold out its first batch of 10,000
units in just 24 hours and the second
batch sold out a day later and I would
forgive you for asking asking I'm sorry
what is it exactly it is part of this is
from our notes an emerging class of
devices that are essentially dedicated
hardware for AI assistant so the first
example that we've talked about on the
show of this which is the Humane AI pin
is $700 and seems to
be um not especially functional um so
that's the one that has the little
projector so that you can uh see a of
virtual screen on your palm I mean we
don't know yeah does anyone have one yet
the Humane pin not that I'm aware I
don't think so right yeah there's
another one called the tab that I have
to confess I have never heard of and I
wouldn't have clicked on this headline
that is a that is a stupid
headline Sor replace God superpower
tamagachi also what is up with these ads
can't even see anything uh cool any who
uh thanks Fast Company um and then of
course there's the rabbit so the R1 runs
rabbit OS and doesn't have apps instead
it's large action model so kind of like
large language model in this case it's
it's a model of of actions uses Computer
Applications like a human does so the
product demo showcases common use cases
like ordering food but in theory you can
manually train it to do any task by
explaining what you're doing as you
record your computer screen that's
actually pretty interesting so
theoretically if you show it how to um
buy Tide Pods because you're a hungry
Millennial then it would be able to open
a web browser navigate to you know
Amazon or whatever website is good to
get oh everyone's pointing out you saw
ads I don't know what they were for
that's that's pretty good I I you only
saw them because you literally yeah you
literally could not see the thing you
needed to see if you gave me if you told
me I could have a million dollars if I
could tell you what those ads were for I
would have to give up the million
dollars I have absolutely no
idea that's pretty good okay I do
occasionally see them but in this case
honestly I don't know what they were you
could see the content yeah I have no
idea um okay what are we supposed to be
talking about right now right right
right so you could you could show it how
to how to kind of navigate through the
cart through the checkout process and
place an order for you which um raises
some concerns for me I mean giving a
device sort of that will hopefully do
exactly what I want it to do this kind
of access to to logged in applications
and services to to to take actions on my
behalf definitely gives me a little bit
of unease um but assuming that it
actually works as well as it should I
mean it's basically Auto hotkey
but with AI if you kind of think about
it which raises a question like oh why
not just make this an app founder Jesse
Le explains that a because you get more
clout this way it's true and B not wrong
because opening a phone app to make it
do things on other apps that you have
installed seems kind of awkward uh Riley
says okay look hey Riley added something
to the do Riley does help with the do I
just mean got a little commentary thing
here uh I appreciate the vision of a
device that changes what it looks like
to do computer phone stuff instead of
hunching over a screen tapping little
buttons while ignoring people around you
uh you just tell your little Tamagotchi
Pokey decks to do something and it does
it it totally could have been an app um
but maybe it shouldn't be an app says
Riley and you can't deny the cool design
the last line from Riley
is a huge part of it for me Teenage
engineering was a part of this therefore
this
killed I think that's where a lot of
this lands it looks really cool it looks
super cool and I think in an era of the
most boring rectangles we've ever had um
with as much touchscreen things as
possible having physical stuff push to
talk mic flip the camera around thingy
physical device it's an actual thing
that I can have I think a lot of people
are gravitating towards that dbrand
apparently has a skin coming because of
course they do um on that note yeah
another example of that that was from
our AI Roundup video that I walked into
thinking was stupid and walked out of
very close to wanting one was this uh AI
voice recorder so what it does is it
just transcribes voice to text and then
at the end it or or
then it transfer sorry first it records
audio then it transfers the audio to
your phone it transcribes it Voice to
Text style then it creates uh like a
like an index of the main topics whether
it was a meeting or a phone call or a
job interview or whatever it was and
stores it which is
like okay don't you have otter or some
other some other you know uh large
language model assisted uh voice
recognition and transcription software
for your phone don't you isn't there an
app for
that but bear with me
here I kind of went okay why does this
need to exist and they said well a
number of reasons first of all the
iPhone does not support call
recording why call recording is not
supported on the iPhone is I don't know
because you I guess you know Apple
things or something I I don't know but
it's not and one of the modes that it
operates in is specifically designed to
to tune the microphones for recording
calls so having it sitting on the back
of your phone it it goes on with Meg
saafe having it sitting on the back of
your phone means you can be on a call
you just hold a button till it buzzes
you are now recording the call so in
many places so to those of you freaking
out about this in many places it is
legal with single party consent so just
your own consent to record a call uh
including here and there have been I got
to say numerous times in my life when
having a recording of a phone ation
would have been extremely helpful either
because the other party didn't remember
because the other party misre
misrepresented it or because I didn't
remember what took place on the call and
what everyone had agreed to it would
have been great to be able to go back in
time and go okay what did actually what
did actually happen where did this
miscommunication happen I'm sure we've
all been in that spot before you hold it
for longer it buzzes twice and the call
recording ends uh it'll do I think it
was 30 hours
is RA rated so who knows but it's rated
for 30 hours of continuous recording and
it's like this thin it's like it's it's
crazy thin it just kind of sits on the
back of your phone and you can put it in
like a little wallet seve share power
with the phone or something uh no no no
it just has a little tiny little tiny
battery in it and it uses Pogo pins to
to charge but just with a standard USB
connector um and then there was yeah and
I kind of I kind of came away from it
going yeah so now I have the ability to
not drain my phone's battery with an
additional app I don't have to Fumble
with an app on my phone I can record
calls on a phone that doesn't out of the
box support call recording and if my
phone is dead outright I can still
record stuff copy the audio files onto
my computer or sync them with my phone
later and and i' and I've got it I can
still record a meeting or whatever the
case may be and you know what it's the
kind of thing where not everyone's going
to need that but people who do need it
just having it that's freaking
awesome so I I so yeah I I walked in
going well this is silly this could just
be an app and I walked out going yeah
the app is like the that's like the
crappy version of this you know and
those guys that's where that's where I
got my wires crossed those guys just
raised like millions of dollars on
Kickstarter so that yeah that's that's
so interesting so we're all going to
external devices I know right what the
heck was going into the phone and now
we're bringing back the talk boy 2024 is
the start of things coming out of the
phone I I mean I
guess I think most people are still
going to use the Consolidated device but
I mean do you know how many people I saw
walking around the show with pointand
click cameras really yeah and I don't
even necessarily mean obvious media you
know who are holding you know a little
mirror lless or something you know a and
and you know a shotgun mic with a dead
cat on it or whatever I'm I'm talking
people just you know taking pictures and
it's actually very nice not being on
your phone all the time even if you're
doing things that you would normally do
with your phone 100% cuz like you're
taking pictures you're sitting there but
notifications are popping in whatever
else is happening you're draining your
phone's battery you're doing all this
kind of stuff it's like uh I definitely
have some concerns about privacy with
devices like this the uh the recorder is
powered by chat GPT ah cool so yep
hopefully if you're using one of these
you don't work at a three-letter agency
but that's honestly that's a big thing
with um I mean it's been been a big
thing with llms this whole time but with
both the rabbit and this uh and and I
mean theoretically the AI pin and the
tab or whatever as well
but like okay so I can record actions uh
what if I start doing my time sheet with
rabbit yeah that's
some external device accessing company
documentation and put inputting
something that's like a legal process to
a certain degrees that affects
compensation that is like directly it's
actually a huge deal money yeah cuz you
would totally do
that look look at look on his face 100%
he's not even going to pretend to deny
it but on the security side it's like
actually too big of a deal I would love
to do that yeah but like I no
no it's like there's a lot of different
Chrome extensions that can help you with
like email that can help you with all
this other kind of stuff and then you
look through what you have to share with
the Chrome extension it's
like it's a little scary maybe I better
just learned to type faster maybe no
yeah exactly yeah yeah uh I think a big
one that we should talk about is the
bike with chat GPT did you see that
headline as well
no that was the product that inspired
the the sort of round up of silly AI
integrated products at CES and believe
it or not when I walked out of the
booth I wanted
one not because I would actually use it
I'm not actually going to buy one man
you getting sold on things at CES that
aren't monitors or computers is actually
weird I got sold on this thing hard it's
a bike it well it's an ebike okay with
200 k range wow yeah so this thing you
could like commute from the BBS on it
yeah like incredible range okay and it's
not just a bike with chat GPT bolted to
it it's a bike with an
API that can interface with other
products that have apis and it's not
some like vaporware nonsense thing this
is their second generation and the
product fundamentally already exists and
is already being used in useful ways so
actually speaking of ways uh one of the
Integrations that they have is with I
forget what it's called but this mapping
software that's really popular in Europe
for cyclists okay um because apparently
Google Maps for for cycling is just just
trash in Europe and there's this other
one that everyone uses or something like
that and so buddy at the booth basically
goes yeah so right now we support J chat
GPT 3.5 I think is is what they're on
right now so you basically just press
you hold this button and you say um I am
I'm in city is this
it no oh wait yes that looks a lot like
the display yeah yeah that's it yeah
okay but no the models were different
that's why I got confused cuz the models
are not cord they're they're something
else okay yeah so they're new products
uh but yeah yeah that's the company
though and so so basically the demo is
okay um chat G I'm chat gbd I'm I'm
looking for somewhere to eat uh plot a
course to here and through the API
access to chat GPT it can handle the
like language interpretation and and
voice to text and then through the API
integration with this mapping app it can
set a course and through API integration
with apple Health it can monitor your
heart rate off of your Apple watch and
dynamically adjust the motors to help
maintain your flipping heart rate as
you're going up and down random like
stay zone two the whole time and I'm
sitting I looking at this thing going so
this is basically it has all the right
it has all the control of a stupid
stationary peltin stupid thing in your
living room but all the actually being
outside and a bicycle if you're
commuting somewhere going to get
groceries or whatever else you're like
actually doing something and all the and
all the range of a freaking you know
moped this is this is something I've
been interested in with all of these
with all of these devices but someone in
someone in Philippine chat Doo just said
imagine how it'll
[Laughter]
hallucinate sorry I can't do that his
heart rate is really low make it
work so yeah what's cool about it is
just that it has an onboard is
essentially it's it's a smart bike you
know two years ago it would have been
called smart bike and three or four
years ago it would have been called 5G
bike of the future do Wonder like and
and seven years ago eight years ago it
would have been called iot bike yeah you
know so to an extent it's just a new
name for fundamentally the same idea
which is which is global connectivity
right between all of our devices and and
the services that we use but the AI the
chat GPT element of it is kind of what
ties it together because realistically
biking is not exactly a uh a handsfree
use case yeah so being able to use my
voice kind of important so that that's
what I was going to kind of ask is is
I've been wondering how a lot of these
devices are going to beat beat the
hallucinations and I'm kind of wondering
if this one might be beating it by
actually limiting how much the Chachi BT
side of this is actually even doing cuz
like if it's if it's changing how much
the motor is helping you based on your
heart rate mhm chat GPT doesn't even
need to be involved with that at all it
would be at no point that's a completely
separate probably all it's doing is
using its voice input if
anything um like a lot of the different
not ways it's it's some other one
whatever it is yeah whatever mapping
integration they have um it it's very
likely it's not even using jat GPT to do
anything with that um so what is it what
is it actually using chat gbt for for uh
Voice to Text essentially yeah as far as
I can tell you can also just like ask it
questions and interact with it if you
want to right right like you can cycle
through different standard yep and I
mean people are raising all kinds of
great questions okay right Linus but
what happens when they brick this thing
then you have an ebike with 200 km range
hopefully I mean yeah um or or hopefully
they open it up or or you know something
uh and like Linus would you really want
you know some Network to have your
freaking heart rate and and where you
are and
all the food you ate and
no but a lot of people won't care yeah
and for them cool bike bro you're
already giving a lot of that information
in a lot of these situations which
doesn't make it right doesn't make it
good
but
ah yeah but it makes it
it kind of is what it is um got another
question here from someone in float
plane chat Andra speaking of things L
was sold on getting that doesn't include
a monitor
uh oh that okay no I'm not sure where
you're going with that I thought you
were asking about the monitor so we
uploaded the short circuit of the
product that I was talking about that
gave me a bigger gaming Advantage than
anything I've probably touched in the
last 10 or 15 years and what's that um
it's the 360 HZ OLED gaming
monitor now
look I what game are you playing Halo
infinite you got it at 360 FPS
um not quite 360 but really high okay
and you don't it's not necessarily about
that it's it's about the motion Clarity
of this display I have talked in the
past about the about the limited rate of
return as you go
from or the the the the the reduced
return going from 60 to 120 then from
120 to 240 then from 240 to 360 or even
480 HZ right like the the the difference
between all of those it becomes less and
less and less and
less
but the low persistence the image
Clarity the motion Clarity of this
display is incredible like dude I
couldn't miss and this is this is over
this is over two different sessions with
the monitor because first I recorded the
you weren't just like on one day I
recorded the video that was sponsored by
Samsung display on the panel Tech we
uploaded that to LTT uh during the show
actually did really well and it was like
it was your perfect sponsored video
because Samsung basically went um we
have money to Market this uh we think
it's really really great so here's our
bag of marketing money um we'd like you
to thank these Nobel Prize winners for
the amazing research and development
that they've done to make this
technology possible um please um discuss
you know some of the advancements that
we made in our like pico freaking um
inkjetting process for you know
increasing the pixel density and um
otherwise see you
later so we we pretty much just made the
video we would have made anyway yeah and
included some Shadows that are cool
anyways and included some Shadows that
were cool anyway and uh I got an
opportunity to check these things out
before I would have gotten a chance to
which I love anyway so it was it was it
was an ultimate kind of win-win-win and
part of that shoot was over two
different sessions so first while we
were doing the shoot and then after the
shoot I actually got like on a little
bit as well with no audio I was sitting
there putting together like five kill
[Music]
streaks then things got really
interesting because I was just on the
LTT Benchmark account that time which is
not ranked at all right so and I'm not
saying that my personal account is super
ranked up or anything either but it is
ranked like I am it was pretty good at
one point yeah yeah it's been a long
time though yeah yeah but but it it's
it's a lot it'll it'll matchmake me with
different people than the LTD Benchmark
account so during the short circuit I
was signed into my account because we
had some issues with our Microsoft
credentials for LTT benchmarker or
actually it was for um whose was it I
think it was ploofs it was ploofs
account cuz he was the one who was
working on the other monitor the
previous day or something like that so I
was left signed into my own account and
same thing both on camera and off camera
dude I just I couldn't be stopped and
the thing is you're probably watching
that going man I've seen you know I've
seen comp compilations that are like so
much better than this right but that's
that's the thing I'm not that good you
guys have seen me play video games many
times over many years and it's not not
about it's not about just the hurts
because you can make a very strong
argument for there being a certain
number of hurts past which there there
could not possibly be any perceivable
difference to a gamer because our
reaction times are measured in
milliseconds so if the difference
between Min are getting slower yeah the
difference between one Monitor and
another is 2 milliseconds or one
millisecond or a fraction of a
millisecond you're not going to you're
not going to notice that right but it's
the
constness of the input that you're
getting and the a better ability to
track a moving object which we've talked
about before and also said there's a
limited return on that continued
investment but that combined with the
motion Clarity yeah is what really
changed the game for me because every
single frame is a crystal clear
image now what's interesting or further
interesting uh what's also interesting
is that Nvidia is working on their own
approach to solving this that does not
involve OLED and that they claim it's
hard for me to tell because I didn't
have them side by side but but it's
really good but they claim gives even
better low persistence like even better
motion Clarity than this 360 HZ OLED and
that's um shoot I forget what they're
calling it but that's on in the short
circuit video where we do an we do the
world's first unboxing of the 480 super
uh so we we get through kind of the the
super lineup and then we move over to
their new g-sync demo and basically what
Nvidia has figured out Pulsar that's it
what Nvidia has figured out is it called
gsync Pulsar or Nvidia Pulsar what
nvidia's figured out how to do is
combine variable refresh rate with
backlight strobing or essentially what
on an OLED would have to be like black
frame insertion so with with backlight
strobing
to eventually like shine a snapshot of
the most clear still of that frame at
your eyes then turn off the backlight
while the pixels are all shifting so
this is on an IPS type display and so
you do get some overshoot artifacting um
so I talk in the video about how the
character model and the text above their
head kind of has a ghost in front at the
Leading Edge right interesting um
because you're seeing the beginning of
that transition oh that's really I
wonder if subconsciously if you're going
to detect what way things are moving
that way but the well that's not new
that's not new what's new is just that
the the image the main image is super
clear and that you can do it with vrr
now which they couldn't before because I
mean man like think about that backlight
strobing with variable refresh rate
means that you have to drive the pixel
change differently according to the
different color shifting between because
all the transitions are different speeds
then you have to drive them at different
voltages depending on for how long that
frame will be displayed cuz it could be
different from one frame to the next
like
what but it looks like they've cracked
it uh I do think personally just having
seen some of those motion artifacts that
I would prefer the OLED approach even if
the motion Clarity isn't quite as good
but Nvidia seems to think that for
Competitive Gaming their solution is
going to be the better one um but you
know it all remains to be seen this'll
be locked in gsync um so you'll have to
have yeah you'll have to be on Nvidia
yeah I mean yeah that's the goal yeah
that's that's that's what Nvidia is all
about make sure you get get g g g get
get in that ecosystem so I I was I was
blown away man Samsung display is
crushing it right now and that alien
wear 360 htz whatever plof says about
the the the bigger 240 HZ
one I uh you guys got to do some blind
test well we can't CU they're different
sizes so we so his his is
4K and uh 32 in 31 and a half inches or
something like that the one that he
likes better and 240 Herz and the one I
like better is the 1440p 360 HZ 27 in
and there's like there could be a number
of reasons that I was Finding that one
better it's obviously going to run at
higher frame rates so I'm going to have
less latency from that in addition to
the monitor refreshing more frequently
uh pl's a better gamer than me like it's
not close he's he's a significantly
better gamer than me so maybe it's one
of those things where I need every Edge
that I can get um I also found that
having not gamed on a small monitor like
not like really tried you know like it
like it just started it just started
happening so well I was like like I got
kind of into it um and I haven't really
done that in a long time like my monitor
at home's 38 42 in or something like
that so I haven't used a small monitor
in a while and there's a reason that
competitive Gamers use them you can you
can see everything yeah I don't I don't
like first of all I actually like 1440p
as a resolution for a desktop monitor I
don't I genuinely don't think I even
want beyond that like I've I've seen the
comparison I don't think I care I care
more about like panel quality stuff like
that in a TV sure yeah whatever but I'm
talking monitor um and Beyond 27 in I
find starts to become like just
unreasonable for
gaming um yeah there's other people in
the chat that are you see again in FP
plane chat says yeah 27 in for me is The
Sweet Spot yeah I agree I know PL plays
a lot of more Scenic games as well
though and when you be for that if
you're not talking competitive you're if
you're talking
immersion forget about it and if you're
if you're 27 in like is like looking out
through a submarine port hole uh you
know at the world compared to you know
like a giant Ultra wide or something
like that and if you're trying to lounge
and like get immersed sure 100%
um but I don't know I that's I think
that's one of the reasons why I like 27
in is because it's kind of on the
maximum threshold I would say of the
competitive side so you get a little bit
of both I find of course the topic we're
supposed to be talking about right now
is AI at the show so why don't we talk
about the aiit what the heck I would
like you without looking at chat what's
the point I would like you to try to get
it I genuinely have no idea it has some
kind of neural processor in the monitor
itself
okay I will give you a hint it is
nothing to do with image
quality yeah that was the only I tried
to dive on that
um nothing to do with image quality
nothing to do with image quality you
like change inputs by speaking to it
that's a cool idea no no not even a
little okay um does it have anything to
do with controlling the monitor itself
no would you like another hint yeah okay
it's from
MSI well that's a hint what does MSI
do okay it's from it's from msi's gaming
division can you control like After
Burner profiles or like launch games
no can you change
RGB
profiles um there's an RGB element okay
is it like uh whatever MSI software
thing on your desktop and you can
interface with it that way
no really run a note of ideas he's so
frustrated this is great okay why don't
I tell you before before you look before
you look at anything why don't I tell
you the RGB element and then I'll see if
you can guess the rest okay sure okay so
um
using using their AI I processing that
is built into the monitor it's not like
a like an external soft piece of
software you run in your computer so
it's it's in the monitor is it wait just
one sec does this have to be web
connected then no I don't think so so
it's local I believe so okay that's kind
of neat all right okay so so using that
um it has like an RGB light bar at the
bottom of the monitor that can that can
mirror your health
bar
in League of
Legends this poor brain is just
completely broken over there's just so
many things that it's so unnecessary for
it to be done this way oh this isn't the
only product that I feel like that about
to be very clear um do you just control
what information the light bar is doing
through the thing
so here's what it does okay it monitors
elements on screen yeah and like because
there's no there's to my knowledge okay
there's no API ability to do that so
yeah so it monitors a certain thing and
so it's yeah you tell it hey look here
and if it looks like this or like that
or like that change the light bar
Behavior like whatever so it would be a
way for you to have like a flashing
notification if you're
and and that is honestly could be very
easily used for cheating um
okay we're getting there all right okay
would you like to know what it
does what oh I thought we just figured
that out oh that's what they a light bar
does for
now okay would you like to know what the
monitor does what does the monitor do so
the demo they had running see the smile
on his face right now it's about to be
gone yeah I'm sure the demo they had
running was monitoring the mini map area
and anytime an opposing
hero approached your
viewport it would pop up a a a circle
with an arrow indicating on the screen
where they were on the screen completely
independent of any software running on
your PC so as far as I can tell
completely impossible to detect cuz it's
drawn on top of the image coming from
yeah
wow
uh I wonder if anti-cheats are going to
have to use like uh Hardware detection
antiche and just ban those screens they
don't do much anyways but you yeah but
you can you can spoof the edid of a
monitor very easily yeah yeah there's no
way that'll help we are going to have to
have flipping a camera you're going to
have to have a dedicated camera it
doesn't always solve the problem like
plugged into your computer pointed at
your freaking screen and your hands
doesn't always solve the problem well if
it's pointed at your hands and your
screen there's still ways it's it's
going to be better it yes you will be
able to so they're going to have to have
their own AI that checks for any motion
or any key press that doesn't correspond
to what's happening are there are um
cheating softwares out there that are
designed for when your chat asks you to
point a camera at the screen um um it
has a mode for that yeah but what about
the the hands too yeah well they they
don't they won't be aim hacking at that
point in time I don't actually think aim
hacking is super popular these days cuz
it's easier to detect than a lot of
other F I just I think a webcam pointed
at your hands and the SC I mean
continuously oh yeah I don't mean
sometimes I mean like the anti-che
software is continuous video feed
continuously monitoring the video feed
wow
yeah like
that's she that's the only solution at
this point it's it's an actual cheating
monitor that's amazing I
um yeah multi multiplayer games right
now are just plagued completely plagued
with cheaters um tarov because I like
talking about tarov when it comes to
cheaters because there sure do be a lot
of them and it's a really brutal game to
have them in um they just did a band
wave of 11,000 players and people were
responding to the Tweet of this bandwave
with screenshots of like extremely
obvious cheating still going on and like
there's one where it's like uh the flea
market in the game which is like
effectively like an auction house or a
or a trading post or whatever you want
call Market or a flea market yeah
interesting we definitely needed some
alternate names for that well no no like
I'm saying it works the same way no I
know it's just a continuation of that
thing you did last week where you were
like what's a word for
whatever I don't know maybe that word
you just said I can't remember what it
was me neither um oh
man yeah yeah
um yeah there's you can see people's
profiles on there so you can see someone
like oh this person's like level 12 and
they've sold like billions of Rubles
worth of stuff on like yeah probably not
um I don't know it's a thing precedence
yeah that was
it anyways so yeah I thought you'd be I
thought you'd be pretty ticked off yeah
that's sick yeah cheating monitors
especially because that cheating has I
think I I would wager that cheating has
probably been the worst in the first
person shooter space Shooters in general
probably I don't know I mean I think
it's pretty bad everywhere in it yeah
there's map hacking in like top down
games like StarCraft one like have like
map hacks like if you could just see you
remove fog of War everything that's like
an insane advant
but don't think have been popular I know
one of the ways this this actually
seemed really smart to me I think this
was League of Legends I don't remember
who it was one of the ways that they
helped push against map hacking is the
server oh I might say this wrong if
you're interested in this look it up
because I'm probably going to say some
part of how this works wrong but I I I'm
going to try um the the edge of your fog
of War if another player isn't within a
certain distance of it the server will
not tell you where they
are so you you actually can't map hack
the whole way interesting but if they
are with you could map hack a little bit
yes and then have a
monitor that can check from your mini
map then you could get an extra another
big one for this for me in my opinion uh
yeah rocket League cheating in rocket
League yeah there there are ways to
cheat in rocket league but I think it's
a little bit more blatant um what was I
going to say yeah something that's crazy
about this is the monitor notification
could probably
linger so if someone just like barely
comes on screen for a second and you
know you're playing so you're not
staring at the mini map 100% of the time
you might not have seen it the monitor
notification is going to be
bigger and could probably persist for
more than that like one second so yeah I
don't know that's
rough so cheating has been around since
the beginning but I strongly believe
it's worse now than it ever has been my
reasoning for that um is the barrier of
Entry is zero right now the barrier of
Entry right now is a credit card that's
it you don't need to know anything back
in the day you kind of needed to know
what you were doing you kind of you had
to work to find them now there's like
ads on YouTube like it's it's crazy now
it's blasted in front of your face
constantly uh there's no barrier of
Entry at all you just have to pay for it
um it's it's never been easier to just
get another copy of the game either a
lot of games
are yeah that's another barrier right
like there's there's another layer on
top of it um and yeah I I think it's
it's it's just very rampant right now so
the solution is in-person gaming events
yeah or beauty contests yeah bring LS
back uh speaking of lands I I told chase
today it's going to be it's going to be
another probably four or five months
before the Badminton Center is built so
I was thinking we should do another land
at my place maybe like a bit lower key
hope I don't get sick for two months
this time yeah uh maybe just just the
basement this time nice but um
oo okay I talked to high sense okay this
is not an AI top good Lord we could talk
about CEs probably for the entire show
never do any merch messages never do any
other topics sick um I talked to high
sense about getting handson with their
110 in and they're apparently going to
work on it this thing is
wild double the peak brightness of the
TCL which you saw who
double 10,000 nits Peak
brightness double the local dimming
zones of the TCL you saw 40,000 dimming
zones which I mean it already wasn't
really a problem I I didn't see the the
classic black desktop background white
mouse cursor scenario but in watching a
variety of different movies uh it didn't
seem like a
problem and uh what what else is there
that's I mean that 90 uh Porto in
floatplane chat bro wants a flashbang
yeah more like a flash the whole
time yeah oh uh oh Dan Dan's messaging
me um oh speaking of um speaking of
things that we could do the whole the
whole time uh without talking about um
merch messages let's do some merch
messages oh is that what he no that's
not what he messaged me about uh Dan I
don't know I don't know what it
is you do you have the
new uh oh I I don't know
uh uh oh it should redirect it should
redirect it should be fine
yeah nope I just don't know what it is I
can send it to you no I was just using
Google login before uh yeah it was using
both but I I can send it to you can you
just okay well fine whatever uh the
point is merch messages are the way to
interact with the show don't send a
super chat or a twitch bit send a merch
message all you got to do is go on LTT
store.com and in the cart there'll be a
little box whenever we're live where you
can leave a merch message you can send a
little popup for you know your friends
or your mom who's watching be like hi
Mom or you can have producer Dan read
your mer merch message and either
forward it to someone at the company who
can help find an answer for you respond
to it himself or curate it for me and
Luke to address later in the show so
Dan's going to show you guys how it
works by firing over a couple of merch
messages to us and I'm going to try and
get my bloody dashboard open and it will
be I sent it to your email that should
be on that laptop and it will be
great it will be like Frosted
Flakes do you want me to read you one or
do you want to get logged in first
seriously that's the password well gee I
guess I don't blame myself for not
remembering that I didn't said it skill
issue uh okay let's see but it is bad we
should change it at some point don't
forget you can just close those tabs and
Scoot right down to the curated close
those tabs yeah just click on
incoming um the thing at the top he's so
bothered I like to scroll you know what
I'm not going to do it there you go got
him okay all right hit me Dan sure I've
been using an LG OLED TV for a few years
now and have been thinking of upgrading
for someone wanting a larger display
would you recommend a real monitor or a
TV so it's tough right I was using a TV
as my monitor for a bit there I even
went as far as getting my hands on the
service remote for the LGC whatever C1 I
think was what I was C C10 I was running
something at the time um which ended up
upsetting some people cuz they were like
man now that lonus is talking about the
service remote like how to edit the the
the the the dimming timeout and stuff
like that now LG is going to lock that
down I'm just like guys I can't not
cover Cool Tech because
like then it will then people will know
about it like it you know I H I don't
know like on the one hand like I'm sorry
that really sucks it's not the first
time that we've covered I I don't
remember but there have been times where
we've covered something really cool that
was like kind of underground and like
patched out and then it's and then it's
gotten patched out um which I like sucks
but I'm that's that's what we're
supposed to do is like cover cool stuff
anyway the point is even with the
service remote tricks there were
compromises running a TV as a monitor I
suspect the newer ones would have less
compromise because now LG is competing
against much improved Q quantum dot uh
mini LED backlit competitors and they're
competing against Samsung's QD OLED that
is not as sensitive to being overdriven
as LG's W OLED so they're probably going
a little bit more aggressive in terms of
how hard they're driving things and uh
you know how much of the screen they'll
allow to be be white before it just is
dimmed beyond recognition but
um even with that said I think I would
probably lean towards getting a monitor
especially because there are so many
monitors out there that are TV sized if
you're into that sort of thing but have
the Creature Comforts that are
associated with plugging a monitor in
you know running display port so you
potentially having higher refresh rates
available to the than what you can push
over HDMI 2.1 um having multiple
multiple inputs so display port HDMI um
I think most of them don't really have
anything more Legacy okay so that
Point's a little less valid but having a
having an OSD like an onscreen display
that is uh more designed for for desktop
use that's easily accessible like
there's there's just there's things that
are nice about having a monitor instead
of a TV on your
computer hi lldd hope you're well
question we always see the cool stuff
from a show like CES what's a piece of
tech you've seen at a show that you felt
was a huge
disappointment there's tons I mean yeah
um it's usually like half the show let
me yeah let me put it this way I think
we made about between 20 and 25 videos
this year presenting at CES were
hundreds of
companies I mean some of them are just
things we don't really cover but
a lot of it ends up being not really
what you would expect yeah it is also a
buyer show um so you'll get stuff like
back when I frequented CES which
I actively dislike Las Vegas so I'm
happy I don't anymore but um back when I
frequented CES half the show would be
phone
cases which you'd think like why like
why do all these Tech reviewers and and
news people want to cover phone cases
well they don't but there is buyers
there yeah it's a networking show yeah
yeah so it's it's a show for multiple
types of people speaking of
disappointments at the show let's talk
about something that didn't disappoint
me at the
show AI steak
griller yeah I
know poor
Dan they claim it'll do three Stakes
okay in 90 seconds
cooked to
Perfection look at this this poor head
it's going to explode how how did they
do this you might ask
yeah
actual like machine learning so what so
what they do is they they punish the
model or that they they punish it for
taking any longer than it absolutely has
to so for every second that it takes it
gets punished and then it gets punished
based on user feedback on the quality of
the meal and so they've gotten it far
enough that it should be pretty darn
decent but then what's really cool is
that they use machine learning to tune
it to your
preferences so it knows how thick the
meat is it knows what kind of cut it is
you you enter that and then you
basically go yeah I want it done medium
rare and it'll cook it medium rare and
then you will fill in feedback and go
that was basically blue that was
disgusting and it'll go oh okay so you
actually like your steak done well uh
let me deal with that for you and it'll
and it'll cook it well the next time
according to your preferences yeah uh
they talked about this part isn't done
yet but they talked about having the
ability to have the device know where it
is and go okay yeah I'm in Texas so like
medium is blue you you know versus I'm
in so to account for kind of regional
differences and
preferences Regal preferences steak
chicken uh it'll do some veggies it'll
do Burgers uh they have a pizza adapter
for it so it's like SV version too the
there is no water involved yeah I I mean
but it's it's supposed to be like easy
to Smart kitchen gadgets and the heating
elements move they're on Motors and
reach temperatures of up to 1600 F wait
so this is like a a box they cook
vertically so you put them in this like
clamshell thing slide it in vertically
like a server blade and then it it like
it like Cooks the steak then Sears it
you can tell how much sear you want then
like pulls off lets the juices kind of
you know do their thing there's a drip
tray the whole thing you just pull off
the the tray things they're magnetic so
you Huck them in the dishwasher
theoretically you could cook a steak
dinner how thin were these steaks that
they cooked in uh about like that they
didn't actually cook anything at the
show so I want a review unit before I'm
going to accept you know everything they
said as gospel truth but I also do
understand how machine learning could be
useful for this application oh for sure
if I tell it like hey that's not how I
like my state cook and it goes okay
right so we had it nailed down for kind
of the thin Cuts but these thicker cuts
it seems like we're going to have to
kind of fine-tune this or that man it's
kind of cool and I would not think it
would be possible to cook steak that
fast like just how do you heat up the
inside of it that
fast I don't know they did they say you
can you can cook
it to any degree of Wellness within that
amount of time that I don't know
probably not I didn't ask that yeah cuz
you can sear the outside of a steak that
fast
sure he is so not convinced does chicken
though I am highly sus now we've got now
we've got they sayen I'm just highly Su
but it do chick I'm just highly sus I'm
highly sus too it's interesting though
it is Def that is definitely interesting
cuz honestly like that's a real use case
for it and cooking takes a lot of time
and not cooking is really expensive at
least here there's so many variables I
know there's some like in like in Taiwan
and and stuff like it's actually fairly
if you know where to go and stuff it's
actually quite affordable to eat out for
more meals meals because the restaurants
are kind of like built for that almost
and and yada y y y but around here it's
not structured that way eating out for
every meal is incredibly expensive tree
fingers says I'm a chef and I can tell
you with through years of experience
trying to rush Stakes it doesn't work
like that you can't just blast it with
tons of heat it Cooks outside in I know
yeah I know I know yeah this is why I'm
sus but they they I think are willing to
put their money where their mouth is I
think we're one wolf thinking full plane
chat why did the chicken cross the road
because the AI Grill was hallucinating
[Laughter]
again oh man oh no yeah it's like one in
every 100 things you put into the AI
oven just comes out completely
black it's like charred I mean I was
telling you about my existing oven so
that would be no worse than what I have
already fair enough um I just trying to
think what else was uh there was one
that was a major disappointment there's
an AI mattress that I kept asking okay
what makes it Ai and it's like well we
have an algorithm and I was like right
but what makes it Ai and they're like
our algorithm right but your algorithm
what's AI about
it uh it's it takes inputs and then
makes adjustments I'm like that's not AI
that's actually not what that
means uh we're supposed to do a couple
more topics now I guess according to Dan
we are doing topics we're talking about
CEs no this is still the first topic of
the show Luke it's it has it's one major
topic with many micro topics it's the
second one uh yeah micro
Rapids sorry what they are micro rapid
topics okay all right all right why did
you pick a next main topic notable non-
aai demos um
really okay I'm interest I think CES is
interesting it was a big TV show this
year yeah and for a long time I was
really bored by what was going on with
TVs yeah they were making them thinner
and it's like I feel like you haven't
cared about TVs since the one that you
just got basically oh my God who cares
yeah I don't care all so what it's
thinner it sits it sits on a thing by
the wall annoying to carry around
because it feels more fragile like it
it's like it's ridiculous and like
especially what LG was doing with their
oleds for a long time where they'd be
like like this thin at the top and then
have a giant caboose who do they think
they are my
wife she doesn't have a giant Caboose I
just mean it's all relative um oh my
goodness the point of the point
is the point is the the whole thinness
war never made any sense to me what were
what were we trying to achieve with I
liked it at the beginning sure I mean
because TVs were like big chunks sure I
mean going but going from here to here
was a lot more meaningful than going
from here to
and from here here like the TV that I've
got in my theater room right now the T
it's like this thick and who cares do
you notice that when you're watching
content on it no no of course not
because that's ridiculous and then there
was the the bezel war that was kind of
kind of before that kind of at the same
time as that to a degree having thinner
bezels I would say is a benefit but I
also think that there's a certain point
you where it probably doesn't matter
that much and for I I you know I think
for for a show piece if you want to have
like a bezeless TV or something like
that you for an art display or something
sure yeah absolutely but in your general
you know $3.99 at best most people
aren't going to Care $799 $12.99 I I
don't think I don't think you need that
at at a certain point and then there was
the resolution war 1080p yeah not the be
all and end all but it's fine for most
things and 4K is to the vast majority of
people out there IND discernible from
from retina resolution and so you know
for years at CES we were looking at you
know world's first uh you know however
many pixels per inch world's first 8K
display world's first and I'm trying to
remember we definitely saw ones that
were higher resolution than 8K and we're
kind of asking ourselves okay forget
about the content let's assume you know
upscaling gets perfect and we can watch
any kind of content on this
unless I get unless I get this and it
was impressive it's not like I wasn't
like wow this is really cool scaling is
not perfect by the way it was it was
cool but unless you were getting you
know this close or you were trying to
read a newspaper on your TV you
know there wasn't there wasn't a clear
there wasn't a clear use case for it
right and I don't feel the same way
about the brightness War because once
you've experienced good HDR didn't I I'm
I'm going to put this out here before
you go into the topic CU I do think it's
actually fairly important I've
experienced HDR a few times I notably
like didn't really like a lot of the
examples that I saw because the certain
bright parts of the screen would be so
bright that they're like annoying to
look
at I did not experience that with the
really really really bright SDR at your
place really did I did we watch any HDR
stuff and did you feel that way about
the HDR cuz I thought I threw on my we
did and it was also fine okay um so like
I there there have been implementations
of this that I have not actually liked
at all but more recently trying that TV
it was very good so well done HDR yeah
freaking awesome because because that's
what the world is like and it's not
about having a super bright image that's
not right if that's what you've seen
before then it's not being handled right
by your device or it's not been mastered
properly yeah um um but we are nowhere
near even now even with the 10,000 nit
uh TV that I was talking about from high
sense we are even now not at the point
where it is it is similar to you know
standing in the sunset um so I was I was
talking to Andrew one of our camera guys
about this when we were in the bus line
for the shuttle after looking at the
high sense TV and I went okay dude
actually here here like look look look
look with me we were we were standing
outside the convention center and was
kind of approaching Sunset and one of
the uh one of the hotel towers that was
like a glass tower was kind of catching
a reflection of the Sun that was like it
was it was it was dazzlingly bright but
not where you would be you know
uncomfortable it was just like you know
the world that has a sun that shines on
it and sometimes it reflects off of
things and I kind of went okay Andrew
how many knits do you think we would
need to get there because it's something
that our eyes can can process and it's
something we're going to have to achieve
if we want HDR content to be like
looking through a pane of glass into the
world and he was like you know hard to
say but a lot more than 10,000 which is
one of the reasons why and I I I agree
like it was it was it was bright but it
was natural and we're not quite there
yet and that's one of the reasons that I
am into the brightness War bring on on
15,000 nits bring on 20,000 nits not
because every element on the screen that
is you know white should be blasted at
20,000 nits into your face but because
key onscreen elements where you're
trying to capture you know the the the
the the glinting of the sun off the top
of the waves or um or you know a
reflection in uh you know an A Polished
uh Knight's armor or something like that
um in order to to accurately reflect
that pun intended you need incredible
incredible brightness um and I think
that what we're going to see is we're
going to need ambient light sensors on
TVs that are really good like we've had
ambient light sensing on TVs for ages
the problem is that in the past in a lot
of cases and I haven't I haven't f with
them in a long time because before they
would always just trash the image
quality I don't like I I I I I'd hate it
they're pretty good on phones these days
though so maybe they've improved a lot
on TVs but we're going to need that
because you're going to be sitting in a
dark room and it's going to hit you with
you know 20,000 nits your eyes won't be
adjusted for it and that's going to be a
problem but we're going to need perfect
blacks and we're going to need like
crazy crazy high peak brightness in
order to account for all the different
environments where the TV might be used
in order to really get that experience
and make it feel more lifelike cuz
that's what it does it increases
immersion did I fire up Lord of the
Rings when you were over as a demo
Fellowship yes yeah I was trying to
think back did did we look at any of the
like outside boat scenes okay yeah like
specifically the one where they go by
the statues doing that compared to any
other display that I've watched that on
it was so much more natural and now
you're telling me okay I can have
another 5,000 nits to to to Really make
the the the sun feel like sun yeah not
white Bring It On
I'm I'm here for it yeah absolutely I'm
excited
yeah um okay what what what am I
supposed to be talking about right now
oh yeah right things that were not AI
yeah so Samsung's microed um the wall is
better than before they weren't really
giving any specs which was extremely
confusing not only did they not have any
displays up but no one at the booth knew
anything um they knew
sizes that's it it's basically it uh I
was like
one thing you forgot to mention about
that Grill the AI powered Grill is that
it's
$3,500 oh yeah it's not
cheap yeah I I I could see it being like
if I was to consider buying one it would
be for like smash JS like for the bad
new center yeah so it'd be like uh you
know we're we're going to have a little
Cantina not Cantina um more like a cane
than a Cantina like a cafe like a little
like you'll be able to get like muffins
or like whatever like you know kind of
things from Costco probably um yeah or
or maybe a steak right like if we could
make a steak in in 90 seconds or
whatever and then Grill some veggies in
another if it can do a steak in 90
seconds I'm sure it can do veggies in
like if you could seconds I me if you
had a a rice cooker there yeah a steak
that can cook in 90
seconds and yeah some veggies yeah then
like I see no reason why why a small
commercial not really a kitchen but like
canteen I mean if you were going to buy
an oven for this uh canteen to cook
steaks in anyways you're going to be
spending a pretty substantial amount of
money a lot of like uh what would you
call it my brain wants to say Enterprise
but I don't think that's what I'm going
for commcial Comm yeah there you go
commercial grade like kitchen Hardware
is really
expensive um and okay apparently it's 3
minutes for a ribey which people are
saying is still Stupid Fast yeah
I have no idea if it even is commercial
grade to be clear maybe it's not rated
at that for that kind of like Dy cycle
yeah yeah maybe this is a is a personal
Appliance for just bougie like
Executives or what I don't know but I
definitely want to check it out I want
to know if there's any validity to what
they're claiming super interesting yeah
yeah trying to think of like what else
we saw that was really stand out I mean
PC industry-wise there there wasn't much
like that uh I mean AMD launched new am4
processors which I think is pretty cool
um I got a little bit of inside baseball
and sort of where these are coming from
which I don't think was off the Record
but it felt like too much detail for the
video um so the 5800 X 3D they've been
producing for a couple years now right
and in that time they've had a lot of
dyes that uh
die not die but didn't quite make the
grade for 5800 x3d so why do we have a
cheaper
x3d cuz uh hey I mean waste not want not
right so 250 bucks gets you a chip that
doesn't hit the same clock speeds but
AMD is claiming though we haven't
validated this yet that a lot of what
gives the x3d its strength is the cash
itself is the is the latency advantage
of the cash and you don't necessarily
need more core clocks speed for that so
they're saying that gaming performance
should actually be quite similar to the
5800 x3d so I'm I'm pretty excited for
that because there's this enormous
install base of am4 systems out there
and if all they've got to do to be able
to keep up with the latest generation
gaming gpus mostly right like okay not
quite as good as a 7,000 series or x3d
7000 series for that matter or a 14th
gen or whatever but to mostly keep up
the current gen GPU is pop a $250 chip
in there they're going to get some money
back for the chip they just took out
just flip it on eBay or whatever else
that's really compelling and I I I'm
here for it I like to see it uh I just
thought it was really cool that we were
seeing extra support for that platform I
mean realistically amd's main focus was
their 8,000g series chips which are
pretty much 7,000 chips but the top two
have like a neural processor on neural
Processing Unit in them that AMD didn't
really have any clear idea of what
anyone was going to do with yet like
there's no real software that runs on it
at this time that that that a general
consumer would care about uh but
theoretically you know workloads will
come and it's much more efficient to
offload to that compared to even using
the GPU on them and it's the GPU that's
really special because they had demos
obviously they were using frame
generation and upscaling and all that
kind of stuff but they had demos where
they were running AAA games at like 60
frames per second like balers Gate 3
running on an on integrated
Graphics that's pretty nuts I I I I you
know back when we first started putting
gpus right on the CPU package you know
back when Intel first launched their
like 700 series core processors um
Lindfield I was like yo I don't want
this give me more CPU compute why are
you wasting dpace on this crap now I'm
now I get it if we if I'd known that
this level of integration was going to
give us AAA gaming yeah at low you know
1080p if you're lucky right it's run
running at a lower resolution upscaling
to 1080p um but if i' had known
integrated Graphics was going to reach
playing AAA games at all I probably
would have been a lot more on board with
it it's freaking awesome and it finally
buries that category that you and I have
both been trying to kill for the last 10
years the entry Lev E-Waste graphics
card
yeah I get it and it's been it's been
close some buy them I get it but like
please please stop please stop please
stop onboard Graphics is literally a
better
option and okay sometimes you have an
older machine that you need to put
better graphics in I get it don't buy an
entry-level card I used get get get a
used card that you could also just plug
into it and would also be cheap okay
don't just stop
ah oh man oh boy here comes chat oh no I
have a
gt510 okay all right oh no really I use
an entry-level card to prop up my 4090
it's a great seg
pillar I like my computer to be an
analog for society look look look look
look raging aaru 1660 super is not the
problem I've never had an issue with
that I'm talking like GT 1030s stuff
that is just manufactured
waste um yep yep yep why don't we jump
into oh here hold on notable Nona okay I
already talked about Wi-Fi 7 being
amazing there's the new AMD card with 16
gigs of vram I can't man nvidia's lineup
once again seems to be just purely
designed to upsell you to the next one I
talked about this a fair bit when they
launched the 4060 Series right you've
got the
4060 um 8 gig the
4060 16 gig and the 460 TI I think it is
or is it that no the 4060 and then the
ti both had 8 gigs and then the 460 TI 8
gig or 16 gig that's right where the
4060 was like dog slow and then the ti
was fast enough but didn't have enough
vram and then the ti 16 gig was way
overpriced you know like it was just
like entire lineup is just designed to
extract more money from you it's like
it's like so blatantly obvious they just
won't they won't quite give you enough
at every stage like it used to be you
could get kind of you know what was
pretty much the whole experience um and
like you could overclock it a bit and
you could like get to that level like
they they are so careful to make sure
that that one cannot be as good as that
one and you are leaving something
critical on the table and I felt the
same way with the 470 super 480 uh
excuse me 470 super 470 TI super and
4080 super lineup the 4070 super has 12
gigs of
vram it is a
$600
card with 12 gigs and I get it it has a
192-bit bus so if they wanted to strap
more RAM to it they would either have to
do some kind of like you know some of it
would run at half of the bandwidth or
something something or they would have
to double it entirely they'd have to do
24 gigs of vram had wi buses for a long
time though well that's what I was going
to say is uh I mean you could also make
the argument that it is a
$600 card with a 192bit bus that is equ
would be equally outrageous yeah not
that so very long ago yeah
um then you step up to the 47 ETI super
which has 16 gigs of vram which is which
is nice but is an
$800 graphics card then there's the 480
super which is a great 4K High frame
rate gaming card I was playing the new
um the new Call of Duty Call of Duty
Modern
Warfare can we just again again again
again can we not name things like this I
freaking hate it um so I played the new
Call Of Duty Modern Warfare and even
without upscaling nonsense it was I
shouldn't say nonsense cuz it's getting
really good even without upscaling it
was over 100 FPS at 4K like it looked
great it just looked great and with all
the Tom Foolery it was like over 200
like like 220 230 240 like somewhere in
that range um so I was playing that on
the 4080 which is 480 super excuse me
which was awesome and it got a $200
price cut from
$1,200 so the one kind of reasonably
priced one it's like well well hey look
at that Achilles tendon right there you
know um don't no don't worry about the
knife just here give me your foot give
me your
foot you know right cuz we're we're in
the era where the PS5 and the Xbox
series have 16 gigs of potential
available RAM and so it's no secret that
game developers are going to be trying
to utilize that as efficiently as
possible so there's the there's the
potential for games to need that kind of
vram um especially if you're on PC where
you're going to be running at a higher
detail level than what is necessarily
going to be available to a console
that's running what is essentially last
gen GPU technology now so even if those
consoles can't dedicate their entire 16
gigs because it's shared right to vram
on a PC it it is very clear that that is
going to that those kinds of overruns
are going to happen and they have
already been happening so they they
released this card for
$600 that is not designed to last for
this generation properly um and then
it's you know it's 800 bucks to get one
but by the time you're spending $800
well I don't know I guess you might as
well get the, one that can do 4K 120 I
don't and I'm supposed to feel like this
is a good deal because the nons super
was 1,200
I it's tough he's he's he wants an out
that's why he started searching for
things on the table he doesn't like the
situation that he's in I just want to
talk about something else anything else
uh well let's not do the union thing
then because I think that's that's a sad
story right yeah let's just talk about
it okay actor Union ok's AI voiceovers
steam ok's AI game content sag Afra the
US actors Union has announced what they
called a groundbreaking agreement with
AI voiceover company replica Studios for
actors to license digital versions of
their voices for interactive media
projects for at least the next year
according to the union the agreement
will ensure Fair negotiation and the
ability for performers to retain Ain
control over what additional Works their
voices are used in several prominent
video game voice actors expressed dis
disapproval and questioned why they
hadn't been consulted in an FAQ sag
after claimed that the deal was approved
by a union Committee of actors who
frequently work in the gaming industry
and because the deal was with a single
company it didn't require a full member
vote so the union says that it's
important to be involved in the early
stages of the Technology's development
as this will allow them to push for fair
compensation so in a nutshell voice
actors are upset with this deal because
they wanted more they didn't want you
know Fair compensation for their voice
likeness to just be aied they wanted to
do their jobs they wanted to voice act
um because their previous body of work
is not necessarily an enough to just
extrapolate what their future you know
um characterization of or what their
future performance could be and that's
fair enough yeah as for the position of
the Union they're basically like this is
coming deal with it essentially is is
how I read this and I I got I got to
tell you I um one of the things that
Nvidia wanted us to include in our booth
coverage for them um that I basically
was
like no uh was a demo that you've
probably read about or or or even seen
um that that other places have covered
um where you would you walked into a
virtual bar this was yeah the chick at
the bar demo I think I saw some of this
so there's two NPCs having a
conversation Over the Bar as you walk in
I'm not sure if that is is large
language modeled um and with AI
generated voices or not not but if you
walk up you can interact with the
barkeep in any way you want essentially
using um I forget if it was chat GPT
based but it was some kind of large
language model and have natural I use
this in extreme finger quotes uh natural
conversations um there's there's a lot
of issues I have with this so first of
all I told in video like
look I've had enough controversy last
year I don't need 2024 to be the year of
line of promoting voice actors losing
their jobs I just am not going to talk
about this for that alone but also here
are my concerns
um a it's not nearly as good as other
Media made it out to be like you know
the AI voices in the finals yeah I
wouldn't even say they were that good
because in the finals you're not
expecting it to be natural right it's an
announcer it's an announcer which is is
kind of a style pres yeah whereas you
know if you were to talk to this
bartender about uh and and they
expressing concern over your over your
dead dog and you're on your way to like
you know John Wick someone or something
right like there's there could be it's a
video game yeah sounds very plausible
who knows there could there could be any
tone to this
conversation and it was it was not that
good um so that's that's a concern
because
I get it like I can see where we're
going with this and I do think that
we'll probably get there at some point
where the idea is that you know all the
all all the you know people who are
getting laid off in the games industry
right now can start Indie Studios and
create gigantic worlds populated with
vibrant characters using AI you know
like I I I I get the kind of the pot of
gold that's supposed to be at the end of
this rain blow right um where the games
industry is is struggling so hard right
now but it's not even like it's not that
and I I I do feel that other coverage
either you know they kind of got lucky
on the prompts or they
just I don't like they don't talk to
people something I don't know I felt
like some of the coverage of it just was
not representative of the state of the
tech right now and then the other thing
for for me is that I just um I felt like
it was a little I felt like it was kind
of toned deaf coming back to the state
of the games industry right now like as
I was sitting here next to Luke I I was
I I found another uh round of layoffs in
the tech industry it wasn't game
specific but there's been at least a
couple rounds of games industry layoffs
this year or or this week uh Unity was
that this week or last week uh CRA I'm
not sure I know like basically all of
this has been 2024 yeah I think I think
Unity might have been last week AC3
production says it was this week uh yeah
Unity did 25% this week um there was at
least one other one I think that was
also games industry this week and you
know for my part I'm just sitting here
going it would feel kind of ton deaf to
do show coverage right which is
generally more positive in tone for us
like we're we're not evaluating it I
don't think there's any reasonable
expectation of like a like an object
rigorous evaluation we're showing
forward looking technology demos and you
know it's supposed to be exciting I'm
not excited right now oh twitch twitch
was another big one which isn't oh
Discord right Discord Discord was the
one I saw while I was sitting here
there's been so many um and so it just
felt icky um to be to be like you know
hype Manning uh hey look how no one's
going to need oh and it also had uh like
real time synchron a of the animations
so you know hey who's going to need you
know anim animators or yeah uh or voice
actors let's go and you know
what on paper it sounds good like any
small team of four people could build a
giant open world game or whatever but I
actually have
what might be a controversial take oh
boy I don't think we need more games
right now oh yeah I actually do agree
with that um
and if anything I think the the just
astronomical volume of games and and The
Limited attention that people can
possibly have for them and and the
potential for these kinds of tools to
make them
samier than they already are oh yeah
could be a bad thing for gamers do you
want to talk to uh average white dude
with beard AI model in this game or do
you want to talk to average white dude
with beard AI model in this other game
it's like I think it's going to be
fatiguing yeah yeah and like if you're
going to spend the time to really tune
one of these models like Lucian lechance
uh uh an incredibly well-written
character from Oblivion
um trying to get chat GPT to act like
him perfectly when you can't just tell
it to act like him because he doesn't
exist yet you're trying to craft this
character um I think is going to take so
long that you might as well just have a
good writer um and a good voice actor
and just get it taken care of that
way Avon fox
says lonus hates games something
something hot dog dogs hot
dogs I was like oh where is this going
that's funny yeah pretty
much I don't know man like there's but
then on the other hand okay look there's
okay one of one of the games that I love
um is called
freelancer and that's a game that toward
the end just runs out of money obviously
they run out of the ability to to
continue to kind of expand this world
and and and create more missions and
contact and content and I um and so you
know I look at tools like this and I go
oh man that that would be they would
have been able to do it you know I so
freaking I don't know I don't
know yeah I think it's good for some
things and it's bad for others it's very
divisive um just like this divisive
segue to our sponsor for the show hey
the show is brought to you today by
Wicked Christians yeah uh we go cracks
are not good for For You especially when
you see them on your headphone cushions
but don't worry Wicked cushions offers
crack-free comfort for all types of
headphones Lin is to show the W design
ear pads for the camera oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah they uh they have little
custom like w show logo designs on them
these are super cool oh uh oh I'm I
meant to disclaim this these were made
specifically for us and are not for sale
sorry everyone but yeah these are these
are flipping awesome I've got a little
package of them that I guess I'm allowed
to give Dan now that we've actually done
the spot for Wicked cushions um their
highquality cushion Replacements are
made with sports fabric material to keep
your ears cool and cozy and if you're
still feeling too hot to handle they've
got your ears covered with their WC free
gaming ear pads It's a combination of a
dual layer cooling gel to keep your head
cool even when your team is
feeding I I I love Dennis being
frustrated by that cuz he's going to be
the feeder on that team no offense
Dennis oh their earpads are available
for a wide variety of headphones and
headsets just check out their site at
the link down below and you can quickly
navigate to the right model also
installation is super easy and you can
get it done within minutes with their
instruction videos starting at $24.95
their earpads come in various colors and
designs plus with over 25,000 reviews
and a solid 365-day warranty also known
as one year there's no need to keep
suffocating your ears in those old dirty
cushions give Wicked cushions a shot
give your headphones a new life we've
got them linked down below all right Dan
you
ready
ready one nice two nice success it was
bound to happen eventually I'm looking
directly into the
light good catch thank you uh I want to
see if uh i' I've had the same
headphones for like a million years um
and the last time I looked I think
Wicked cushions only supported the PC
series of Sennheiser Headphones like PC
38x and stuff like that but now when I
look at Sennheiser on their site they
have a bunch of options so maybe I can
find something that'll work it's um it's
possible that even if they don't list
the exact model it might be compatible
anyways yeah I kind of doubt they would
actually list my model of headphones
considering they haven't been making
them in a very long time
um but it would
be the PC 28x pads fit all the HD 500
Series 2 oh oh yeah no I think you
should be good cuz you have the
558 I
think 595s oh 595s yeah uh 598 oh my
good 595 yeah you're supported which one
595s yeah this one right here you're
good to go 595 I will actually buy these
uh we it goes not quite to mine it goes
all the way to hd599 comp ability sheet
that makes a lot of sense but no support
for the
hd600 that's fine yeah well that's the
ones I use got
them well yeah 595s sick and they're the
cooling ones okay I'm getting those oh
you got to you got which one though
which one are different styles I want
the cooling one at the very least yeah
yeah they've all got the cooling gel but
do you want '90s
black o or do you want black camo or
regular black it's got
look how cool that looks I love it
that's sick yeah that looks freaking
awesome okay no no judgment if you like
the black C or the regular black or
whatever but I'm a '90s boy so I that's
pretty yeah that's pretty irresistible
I've had I've had yeah the same
headphones for years and the original
ones the original pads like failed and
kind of broke yeah so I got replacement
ones but they're just junky they're bad
I've wanted new ones forever so yeah I
think this is a business you and I
talked about like a thousand
and we don't do ited cush ising it so
that's great oh man we came up with a
killer business idea today just like
randomly we were working on our review
for the fair phone I was talking to
Jordan about it like I gave him all my
notes the lab gave him all his notes and
then we were having like a three-way
meeting um just kind of talking through
okay kind of what's the angle going to
be here how are we going to do the intro
what's her title like that kind of stuff
Elijah's yelling at you don't spoil the
idea no no i't spoil the idea I know
it's ours we need it um but it's it's
pretty it's pretty cool because um
unfortunately the review of the
fairphone is not going to be super
positive ah yes and so we were kind of
thinking about you
know alternative Solutions and we came
up with something that's kind of neat um
but that's all I have to say about that
for now what do you want to talk about
next oh the eBay thing oh oh three right
right there's a thing um okay yes Dan
please eBay thing yeah then we'll do the
eBay thing
sure uh Hi D I have a problem with
Google workspace they set a hard
deadline after which I lost access to my
data with no further support data
destroyed by Google is real little guy
versus Google Vibes yeah okay so I
curated this out of uh the the
potentials um I don't really 100% know
what's going on and we're not Google so
we can't really say anything I've never
heard of this I don't know but I'm going
to unfortunately use you as a good
opportunity to talk about 321 storage oh
um try not to have one copy of your data
U because yeah zero is much better try
not to have one I mean if you don't have
any then you're not going to feel bad
when it's gone so that is a form of
strategy yeah that's a that's that sucks
I don't know what's going on there
deadline after which you know what you
know what they did recently is they shut
down old Gmail accounts so maybe that's
but it's a workspace so you pay
work I don't really know what's
happening in the actual message I can't
really tell what's actually going on
mean if they set a hard deadline then I
guess the deadline is passed but I mean
there's a reason that everything I care
about is on my Nas yeah um as long as I
am able to can keep those those probably
was fre work space people are saying
h i I did ever take part in that I heard
it was like a thing though oh yeah
Elijah is saying they removed the free
version of Google workspace last year
and gave people time to upgrade or
migrate and I guess that's it it's over
didn't make it that's rough but yeah
Luke's right 3 two one multiple copies
yeah three copies across at least two
different locations and what's the one
uh I think it's supposed to be more than
one
format oh okay sure yeah that makes
sense
in my opinion the format matters less
than all the other yeah I don't think
that's a huge yeah three copies two
locations I feel pretty good at that's
what matters the most oh it's one ring
to rule them all one is offsite uh I
like mine I don't think that's it two is
types of media ah yeah yeah two
different types of media and one of them
being offset okay yeah thanks guys but
basically the types of media ones kind
of multiple copies yeah yeah one offsite
that's good all right Dan hit me LL and
Big D can you talk a bit about displays
why is a necessary is power draw and
heat really that big of a deal I dream
of a greater than 1,000 nits sustained
regardless of window percentage mini or
micro LED OLED I don't
care well
a um that's that's the auto auto
brightness uh auto brightness dimming
nonsense so
yes power draw does matter and it's for
more than just you know energy star
efficiency ratings and stuff like that
there's there's only there's only so
hard you can you can drive these things
and I think that in the same way that
GPU manufacturers try to limit the power
draw of power virus applications like
fermar uh I don't think TV manufacturers
actually want you pushing because when
you when you display you know all an
all-white um
like an like an all-white window or an
all-white screen you're essentially
driving every single subpixel at maximum
power and that is going to that's it's
going to like microwave you at a certain
point and I don't mean that literally I
mean we were we were at a demo in um in
Samsung displays Booth so take it for
with the grain of salt that you need to
take it with uh but what they had was
their cutie
OLED next next to LG's wed and this was
they said both current gen and the scene
that they had was uh a candle burning in
the middle of the display I would say it
was probably about a 10 to 15%
window yeah maybe maybe 10 maybe 10% so
I saw a bright candle burning uh down
the middle of the
Monitor and they had thermal cameras
pointed at both of these displays now I
don't know for sure that they didn't
have an insulating material on the back
of the LG display like I can't I can't
prove that but assuming Samsung display
had any Integrity whatsoever it was two
of the same image playing at the same
luminance level on an LG they didn't say
it was LG but it was obviously LG
because it was wed and nobody else makes
that so on an LG TV and a Samsung TV and
the lgtv was running so
hot that I couldn't touch
it um I'm trying to remember the exact
temperature but it was it was over
60 and they claimed that if they left
it running for long the surface of this
TV was was wow could burn you yes and
they claimed that if they left it
running long enough it could reach like
in excess of 70 or
80 and so in response to your to your
question you know why can't we just
drive a 100% that's really dangerous to
be clear not not just for like burning
yourself but for burning your house like
kids yeah stuff like that um so to to to
answer your question why can't we just
drive the whole panel at 100% brightness
it's because we can't um there there's
actually uh fun Rabbit Hole to go down
uh incredibly bright LEDs and how to
deal with how much heat they generate oh
yeah they have to be like water cools
and stuff crazy it's actually like
pretty cool DIY perks did a great video
where he builds himself an artificial
sun and he gets into the whole like like
like physics of how the lens has to be
different so that the rays are are
parallel rather than like this and blah
blah blah blah blah it's a whole it's a
whole thing it's a great video go go go
check it out um but one of the one of
the things that uh he had to do was deal
with cooling the bloody thing uh we also
saw that at oh what are they Kronos I
want to say um Chronos camera let me let
me just check this yeah yeah yeah yeah
Chron Technologies these guys uh we did
a we did a tour with these guys a number
of years a stop uh we did a tour with
these guys a number of years ago and uh
they do high-speed cameras which if you
guys are familiar with know you'll know
need a ton of light in order to perform
their best so they have a controlled
room with zero flicker uh LED lighting
where they can do test footage and and
test their cameras and those lights are
like DIY water cooled because they're
you know big Geeks and watch our Channel
and stuff and there there there are
there are Peeps um but it's super cool
and I can't remember if that ended up in
the tour or not but it was definitely
one of the highlights for me was seeing
their water cooled water cooled LED
lights so that they can get it bright
enough in this room to shoot High frame
rate um footage very cool wow yeah see
that's super cool I love stuff like
that csmith apparently did it too
all right Dan hit me last one I got for
you hey dll we use RFID RFID name tags
for computer access in healthare all the
time what do you think about this being
more popular in the consumer space Also
AI in the ER is crazy for
Diagnostics um for computer access and
Healthcare I mean yeah I the thing about
the computer space is our devices are
not shared the same way they are in a
corporate or educational or uh or
healthc care environment right like
it's like you know okay like I'm trying
I'm thinking back to our home PC when I
was growing up right like there was one
computer in the house because you know
everyone didn't have their Chromebook
for school and their phone and you know
and a gaming desktop maybe in the room
or whatever right you're like Windows XP
login with all the profiles yeah exactly
yeah what value would there have been to
me having a name tag with an RFID chip
in it to log into
that yeah you know very very little um I
think that there's probably cases
where there could be use for it you know
like Public Library okay I need to use
the internet at the public library I use
my RFID Card but with the ubiquity of of
cell phones and mobile network
connectivity I I I absolutely recognize
that there are people who still rely on
public libraries for internet access but
I think that it's a lot less common than
it was in the in the early 2000s public
libraries do a lot of other cool stuff
though yes but I'm just talking about
like the computer lab at the public
library for internet access that was a
huge thing like when I was a teenager
and now is definitely not as much of a
of a necessity for for as many
people um like consumer consumer RFID
access
like I can think of very few things that
those two sentences go together with
yeah you know door locks and stuff like
that but that's not really um not it's
not like computer access um I you know I
I would be super down for to have an
RFID chip like in my finger or something
like that so you know yeah someone in
fulling chat mentioned that biohacking
yeah just like every time you know or if
it's in my palm and then there's just
like um just you know an app on my phone
that when I'm holding it it's just like
always authenticated for everything and
just as you know tied into my password
manager and uses that um what's it
called again huh what's that what's that
thing called again the rabbit uses the
rabbit R1 to just automatically enter
passwords whenever my you know my my
RFID chip in my hand is present or
something like if we could if we could
automate stuff like that man that's
that's that's gamechanging for for
Consumer um but it's not multi-user
access so I wouldn't I wouldn't need it
for that
um
I've got one installed in the back of my
hand between my thumb and forefinger
yeah I'd be I'd be super down I'd be
super
down as a Christian this is
terrifying I'm not sure I you know what
I have to I have to admit I'm not like
hyper familiar with the Bible or
anything like that but I'm not
familiar um with any kind
of
um issue with oh people are mark of the
beast okay hold on a second now I now I
got to Google this Mark of the Beast
RFID chip in your thing okay the Beast
coming out of the sea is like a leopard
with feet like a bears okay now hold on
just a minute here what's stamped image
of The Emperor's head on every coin of
the Roman Empire okay this is clearly
going to take a little bit
longer I the
YouTuber Mark of the Mis
Beast all right uh Mar put on the
forehead of those who
worship I don't know dude I'm totally
lost yeah I'm not yeah I'm I'm I'm
clearly going to need a little bit more
okay hold on hold on Elijah's got me hey
hey uh yeah nice name bro um you a
prophet okay Revelations 1315 here we go
and I was allowed to give breath to the
image of the Beast so the image of the
Beast might even speak and CA
um yeah I think this is not happening
today um why don't we do another
topic eBay pays $3 million to avoid
prosecution and this one's a doozy they
have agreed to pay a $3 million penalty
the statutory maximum you should have
seen the look on his face he hadn't read
this yet this is a wild story dude the
statutory maximum in order to settle
criminal charges in a cyber stalking
case where several former eBay employees
harassed a pair of married e-commerce
bloggers who critically covered a
litigation issue involving the company
so basically bloggers said something
mean about eBay because of a litigation
issue issue that eBay was having so eBay
had several employees who harassed them
in 2019 seven that's actually more than
what I would consider to be several
seven employees including eBay's former
senior director of Safety and Security
what began sending David and Ena Steiner
harassing messages as well as disturbing
packages including live Co caches and
spiders a pig fetus a funeral wreath and
a book about dealing with the death of a
spouse is this is this a movie about
serial killers or like what the fck is
going on here pornographic Publications
were sent to a neighbor's house under
David Steiner's name and furthermore
three of the employees flew from
California to Baston sorry I probably
butchered that with the intent of
vandalizing the couple's home breaking
into their garage and placing a tracker
on their
car this is wild this is not this
is not alleged all seven of them have
since pleaded guilty and Buddy the
senior director of Safety and
Security is facing 5 years in prison
imagine being the director of Safety and
Security
specifically D this is some Mafia level
this is crazy um this is crazy two other
members of the eBay SE Suite who were
implicated in the matter were not
charged including then CEO David wenig
who instructed eBay's then Chief
Communications officer Steven wymer to
take Ena Steiner down after she
criticized his outsized
compensation wymer then instructed um I
don't know Jim
B director of Safety and Security guy
instructed him that he wanted to see her
burned down and to do whatever it takes
to make that
happen
what our discussion question here is
like I don't even know what our
discussion question do how is it even
only five
years
I would hear a story like that and go
that's fake all right you know grain of
salt right like that's for a bad TV show
that sounds that sounds exaggerated you
know um and a lot lot of the time an
outlandish claim like that probably is
exaggerated or even an outright
fabrication but
clearly clearly people are people are
fing
crazy like that is that is messed up
right there what are you doing what
is wrong with you you
know so it's pretty obvious that even if
someone is making claims that seem
just beyond what any
reasonably functional human would would
do right it's possible the fact that
they pleaded guilty right I mean that's
that's how this works right like they're
they're they're innocent until they're
proven guilty yeah you're like STP I did
it unless it's under like some form of
duress or whatever but I'm assuming
that's not the case I mean all seven of
them really yeah well I mean I mean it
depends did did did the prosecutors go
to their houses send them fetal pigs put
trackers on their cars like is
that what the F this isn't the gogs they
probably were well-minded like I mean
you you would kind of you would kind of
like this is what I would expect from
organized
crime eBay is not just some random this
it's not like man this was like yeah
this was in like the early days of eBay
when they had some like weird people
working there this like four years
ago what you know like you hear these
crazy stories about the you know the
beginnings of the gaming industry or
whatever and it's like yeah there was
there was cocaine everywhere
and
right this was four years ago yeah
2019 yeah how did they get
caught I I don't know by mailing dead
animals in the posts maybe like which is
a crime for sure yeah like I it sounds
it sounds so
improbable that if it wasn't for the
fines happening and the and the
admissions of guilt I still would say
you know there's probably a bit more to
this story you know it's a plea deal or
it's this or it's
that it makes you wonder you know the
kind of just
outlandish stuff that has gone on over
the years you
know pretty
wild oh okay uh J Christ 08 says um I
forgive you for having the mark of the
whatever and if I recall correctly they
hired a pi who found out that it was
eBay because they were tailing them one
day oh
unreal um that was just their username
by the way they weren't actually
Jesus unless they were I mean Rose once
what's who's to say he couldn't rise
again okay so this all all this kind of
stuff broke in like 2021 but I I'm
assuming the they they got their
settlement
now I don't know there's like news
articles about it oh it's that eBay is
paying the penalty I think yeah so
they're they're getting there yeah
that's wild I I just I hadn't seen this
WOW
unreal wow man it's a good thing they
weren't in Canada because then having
them tailed might have been you know
violating their privacy do you you see
that Wild Thing how uh yeah uh Quebec
police said hey you can't just like
upload footage of porch Pirates taking
your stuff because that could be a
violation of their privacy because
they're innocent till proven guilty it's
like yeah I guess they could have been
just protecting that package from
someone else but like yeah I know right
they're like yeah you need to report
does Canada have uh
filming on property
laws you can film it but they're saying
you can't just release it publicly you
should give it to the police cool can
dobly nothing about it that's stupid
that is actual that is actual
clown level stuff right
there
yeah very cool uh speaking of very cool
should we do our
announcement do we have an announcement
yeah yeah oh are you pregnant yeah you
don't look as pregnant as you did a
while back that's
good early stages something earlier he's
doing really well so I can like tease
him
now Luke's on a journey people in chat
congrats Luke's
glowing all right what is it is it
something to do with this weird like
letter thing that we both have we could
do this though okay but no let's do the
announcement let's do the announcement
what's the announcement I have no idea
what you're talking about the pants oh
like merch yeah oh okay there's a
section on the dock called announcements
oh well all right okay we have new
lounge pants um available now at LTT
store.com they
feature there we go the same comfy
material as our underwear so they're
perfect for pajamas hanging around
around the house or any situation where
maximum Comfort is your goal um just
going to pull this up they're they're
$34.99 available now on LTD store.com
and uh this came up in the pre-show if
you have any questions regarding sizing
that's right we have standard and long
sizing wo all you got to do is check out
the size guide we've got everything from
XS all the way to Tri XXL and if you
click the size guide you can see not
only the inseam lengths and sort of the
heights that they're designed for but
also how to measure these things to
ensure that you will get an excellent
fit um also they're you know kind of
stretchy as you might expect I'm going
to get I'm going to get a ton of use out
of these yeah um we are also these sorry
pretty stoked about these uh we're also
giving a last chance here reminder to
pick up our CES 2024 team t-shirt sales
end January 13th um this mainly came
about because we've had a bunch of
people complain in years past
that we wore these shirts in the in all
of our coverage of CES that weren't
freaking available on the site and so
this time we were like okay fine then if
you if you want our cool team event
coverage t-shirt then fine you can have
one too all you have to do is pay for it
um so those are those are going to be
these are a pre-sale uh all shirts will
be printed following purchase and then
um we're going to ship them here you go
by the end of this month nice okay uh
this is yeah this is a digital reference
only but that's exactly what it looks
like I'm excited about these because the
onesie is made similarly right yep yeah
that's also our underwear material and
my my girlfriend takes the onesie I
don't I'm not a huge fan of wearing
onesies but I find the material on that
and this and the underwear to be very
comfortable but I don't like yeah I
don't like being in a onesie so having
this for lounging at home will be great
there's one last thing uh we have deals
on remaining stock of Wan hoodies short
circuit hoodies and swacket we
apparently found some additional
inventory buried at the warehouse and
they're 50 bucks each until they're gone
this is the last chance to grab any of
these three items they will not be
restocked okay um so that was what was
that Wan hoodie short ciruit hood and
swacket that's not to say we will never
do another kind of similar style thing
ever again those but those ones will not
be returning as far as we know um Never
Say Never but it is almost certainly not
going to happen we have what I believe
is actually a legitimate question uh
from Angelus 0000 um how much do these
stealth
sweatpants uh or new lounge pants show
off package they're very soft material
so probably a decent
amount I mean I can put them
on I don't think it's against Twitches
terms of service okay in all in all
seriousness though I mean we've got uh
We've we've got you know pictures on the
site of people wearing them so oh yeah
yeah there you go I I if you're going to
wear them without underwear then a lot
then you're going to have some you're
going to have some meat print but these
are a bit of a looser a bit of a looser
more relaxed fit so they're not going to
be super tight but uh I pant if you if
she swings if you would show in a soft
pant you'll probably show in these yeah
yeah which you
know what are you going to do apologize
for it I
guess yeah anywh
who oh
man this one uh this one I think is
going to make some people sad let's go
into it um Wacom and Wizards of the
Coast admit to using AI art um you know
it's not quite as bad as it sounds I
think okay Wizards of the Coast first
denied then admitted that AI was used in
the creation of a recent promotional
image for magic of the Gathering uh the
image showed telltale signs of
artifacting associated with AI
generation leading to uproar among fans
and artists according to a post from
Magic of the gathering's Twitter account
the art came from a vendor uh who like
likely used AI features in an industry
standard tool like Photoshop leading to
AI artifacts in an image that was
primarily created by a human being
Wizards of the Coast promised not to use
AI in their art back in December
following similar backlash to an image
in a Dungeons and dragon Source book
which used some amount of AI generation
the company now says they will apply
similar standards to art for marketing
materials Wacom on the other hand
creators of the digital drawing tablets
faced similar questions over image in
its own marketing materials a dragon
with similar artifacts and nonsensical
anatomical details the company has since
apologized and stated that the art was
purchased from a third party and and it
evaded its AI detection tools during the
vetting process according to the verge
the image likely came from a vendor who
posted the art to Adobe stock without
tagging it as
AI yeah where's this tail coming from
exactly yeah that's a how did that how
did that Dodge the AI detection stuff I
mean man if I wasn't if I was just
glancing at it you won't notice
immediately but if they have a process
for detecting AI stuff but like if this
is supposed to go up the dragon's spine
you know why does it end up here like
it's that to yeah it's it's obviously AI
now that we're looking at it like why
would the tummy have scales and then
have like like this like it's just what
is what is going on right now yeah you
know but if we're not paying attention
if we're just reading this yeah there's
like a dragon sitting there or whatever
I like I get it um FL play chat has very
fun take on what's going on there um
yeah
okay moving
on is it uh Tech layoffs time I guess
this one is this one only really
pointing out oh this one's only pointing
out a few um um but honestly if we tried
to point all of them out we'd be here
for an hour and we'd probably miss some
because probably more have happened
since this was written so it's probably
fine i' said probably a lot uh twitch
has announced the layoffs of around
35% of their staff considering the 400
employees laid off from Twitch in March
this means the company has fired nearly
half of its original staff um of the
staff that was around at that time uh in
a blog post CEO Dan Clancy called the
layoffs an attempt to rightsize Twitch
which he says will still uh was still
far bigger than it needs to be despite
ongoing sustainability efforts this is
crazy like I think is Twitch
done like you know the big new feature
that they announced alongside in video
where um even smaller streamers can
support multiple resolutions by them
doing it themselves the transing
themselves by Nvidia and streaming
software companies working together to
do all the encoding client side and then
just allow twitch to ingest the various
resolution
streams I actually think it's pretty
cool it is pretty cool but twitch
talking about this as a feature is like
okay I so I don't I don't I don't
disagree with you and I understand that
this might be unpopular but uh the fact
that I think it's like over 99% of
streamers on Twitch are getting
effectively no viewers like 3 to zero um
it costs a lot for them to do all that
which is the reason why they haven't had
access to transcoders this whole time so
creating a method for them to get it is
actually cool I understand people are
upset about this but the fact of the
matter is Twitch is not profitable
hasn't been for a long time um they got
to do some stuff you know and like just
expecting expecting more money all the
time with them carrying more weight all
the time doesn't work when they never
made money in the first place but that
that last bit is the the fact that this
whole thing is just obviously
unsustainable yeah so building new
features basically amounts to figuring
out how to offload more of your
processing to your
users it's like okay yeah good luck
everybody so I I agree it's super cool
and honestly if we could support it on
float plane I'm sure we would it'd be
sweet yeah it' be it'd be awesome like
if you could just use you know obs and
encode at 240p 360 480p 720p 1080P and
oh for streaming yeah for streaming oh
no no no I was thinking vaud for a
second yeah no but if you if your car if
if and this is basically Nvidia like
unlocking functionality that already
existed on their professional cards just
more anden
streams which which is good which I
fully support I would like them to just
unlock all of them because another nice
thing they're all on there that comes
with some yeah frustration I guess yeah
yeah yeah so that's that's twitch Google
laid off about a thousand people Discord
laid off 170 people also about 17% of
its staff and the laundry list of
companies just goes on and on and on and
on and on and on and on Tech and gaming
just got ravaged you mentioned um they
haven't stopped getting ravaged since
basically the I I don't know what sort
of the kind of the end of the the
lockdown period essentially yeah yeah uh
you
mentioned ah
game engine Unity Unity yeah Unity got
hit really hard yeah is it really Unity
if all the people are scattered to the
high winds hey got them um lay offs got
25% of their staff it's rough there's
there is a huge list of companies that
are taking like 10 to 25% staff hits I
was I was talking in the in the uh in
the executive staff meeting a few weeks
ago about how like we need to we need to
change our messaging internally a little
bit to be reflective of how hungry we're
going to need to be this year it's It's
Hard Out There hard out there and so you
know everyone's going to be every money
is not really flowing like it normally
does yep and so you know if we want if
we want to be sustainable we want to not
do layoffs we have to understand that we
need to work harder for every view we
need to work harder for every
screwdriver sale we need to we need to
we need we got to get hungry um and I
think that's that's probably something
that and will craft into sort of a more
wow uh a more comprehensive message and
kind of kind of work with everyone on
and get the you know all the managers to
work with their teams on but like like
figure out what we need to
do we've weathered storms before but
it's yeah it's time to get this is
starting to look really bad yes between
the way that money is not flowing freely
anymore with interest rates being what
they are with the way that you know it's
it's it's a funny thing like you know oh
inflation like you know not bad anymore
it's like right but but all the
inflation that like happened it didn't
go away like everything is still more
expensive yeah so I mean did did your
hourly wage go up to match it before
okay so then this problem hasn't gone
away at all just because inflation's
leveling out that's like actually not
how that works
um
it's it looks rough so out there
handyman um as he tends to be was handy
again with yet another link
um layoffs.fyi I've heard of this site
uh I I think I clicked on it as like a
middle click Mouse wheel into another
tab at home but never actually ended up
looking at it you can filter so click
the drop down due 2024 yeah 5686
employees from 37 companies laid off
this year it's been 12 we're 12 days in
we're not even two weeks
in sheesh
dude yeah Google is a fifth of them
almost a thousand twitch there's twitch
okay I have no idea what branch is but
I'm sure it's something a fair amount of
these I have personally heard of yeah
you can filter by
industry
um all right
rough Etsy laid off a bunch of people
11% Intel
31 I don't know what Intel tidle tidle
laid off 10% of their
Workforce rivian lost some Cruz 24%
Spotify 1,500 I forgot about that
one oh here hold on why am
I sort by this oh
what
oh man yeah I I guessed and I did the
wrong one Spotify 1500 that's wow VMware
2,837 now this is every year now
um
wow
rough uh and another bad news valve has
cracked down on a couple of fan projects
recently uh they asked the developer of
portal 64 a Dake of portal playable on
the Nintendo 64 to list the project on
GitHub likely to avoid legal action from
Nintendo and the company likewise served
GitHub with a dmca takedown for Team
Fortress Source 2 a project aiming to
Port TF2 to the source 2 engine a valve
explicitly allows the creation and
distribution of games based on its IPS
in the steam subscriber agreement
including games like black Mesa which
can be purchased on Steam but notably
the creator of Black Mesa received
explicit approval from valve Gary Newman
creator of Gary's Mod speculated that
valve may have taken action simply
because the game wasn't derivative but a
full copy of their existing game
including all of their assets um
discussion question here is is valve
right in enforcing a certain boundary
around their IP is this a fair line to
draw I mean I I do think it's it is
reasonable it's just more that valve has
always been very permissive and so this
may be coming as a bit of a surprise to
these folks and it's a little
frustrating that given that I've been
aware of at least portal 64 for quite
some time that they didn't say something
earlier on in the
process that's kind of all I really have
to say about
it
yeah yeah uh video games no longer the
biggest entertainment medium in Britain
okay you you thought this one was really
interesting for some reason I just video
games have been the biggest
entertainment medium for a long time and
I
think being on the top is actually
pretty important in regards to you know
gaining eyeballs interest affordance all
that type of stuff um so affordance
isn't that a thing I love your words
isn't that a thing affordability I think
is what you're looking for affordance
the quality or property of an object
that defines its possible uses or makes
clear how it can or should be used okay
so it's a word that I used very
improperly in 2023 video I think you
mean unproperly oh no um in 2023 video
games were surpassed for the first time
in over a decade as the UK's biggest
entertainment medium in terms of Revenue
games are still growing as an industry
increasing year-over-year by
2.9% uh I wonder what the population is
increasing
by I suspect it's similar or even higher
however video game content grew far
faster at 10% compared to
2022 oh driven primarily by streaming
knon whatever that is uh head of
publishing recently theorized that part
of Gaming's recent struggles is due to a
boom in the sheer volume of new titles
as a result of overinvestment during the
2020 pandemic he further stated that
there's simply too many games for
customers to be able to play steam saw a
record total of over
14,000 game releases in 2023 though that
was in part pushed by amateur game devs
it is every year though um it's also
partially in part of like uh just AI
dialogue games that were just crapped
out
um yeah kind of kind of a rough one what
I'm missing in the notes here and I
didn't see in the Rock Paper Shotgun
article and I'm going to check the
gamesindustry.biz one is uh what is now
the number one is number one yeah
yeah I don't actually I don't see
that uh blah blah blah blah blah blah
okay yeah no I don't I don't see it so
maybe maybe someone knows like music um
movies video streaming I like I I I
don't actually know but hopefully
someone can let us know that um in other
news framework has been hacks sored oh
no framework has disclosed uh and I need
to disclose my investor thing I I didn't
have it in the stupid Asus sponsored CES
videos uh oh I forgot uh oh sorry I'm
still I'm still I'm still invested in
framework uh framework has disclosed a
data breach following a fishing attack
against a thirdparty accountant working
for keting Consulting the attacker used
an email impersonating framework CEO to
convince the accountant to share a
sensitive spreadsheet associated with
outstanding balances for framework
purchases framework has already notified
customers whose personal information was
leaked including full name email and the
balance owed the company reportedly
became aware of the breach yesterday
morning roughly half an hour after it
happened framework says that keing
Consulting employees with access to
framework customer information will be
required to complete fishing and social
engineering attack training uh
discussion question says disclosure
disclosure disclosure are you confident
in the way framework dealt with this
issue uh I'm going to I'm just going to
recuse myself so we'll have um Dan and
Luke discuss it while I go to the
bathroom laptop
uh
computer information leak don't do that
bad bad stock
price really you
guys that's the best you can do well our
boss owns some of it I don't know
what uh discussion question is L is an
idiot is that on there no that would be
sick if it was uh um I I think it could
happen to anybody right yes that's kind
of my take on this is uh we like we as a
as a company whenever we do web entity
stuff The Forum float plane everything
else we've done we're taking this idea
forward with the the lab's website we
try to take and retain as little of your
stuff as possible while still being able
to do the things that we need to do
which does involve taking some of your
stuff when it comes to information uh we
need to be able to you know um figure
out if we're serving you video properly
uh we need to know some of your account
details so that you can like recover
your account if you need to and have
your own personal account and those
various different types of things um but
watch history for like a service of how
how much how long did you watch this
video for I know that's very popular on
YouTube and stuff like that too yeah
we've got that as well um like we we
capture that type of data um
but not only is it possible that this
type of thing could happen to us it did
quite a while ago uh some of the Forum
information we don't know how much we
think a very small amount but we don't
actually know so we just told everybody
um but some of the Forum information was
was broken into was hack Zord um and
yeah also on the Forum we tried to have
as little of it as possible that you
didn't want to be there um like there
was uh there was things that were highly
elective you know um like you could but
those were public on your profile so I
don't think it really counts anyways
this also doesn't look like it's uh
negligence you know they had a they had
a spreadsheet that was that I guess had
lists of names like did it have their
credit card information on the
spreadsheet no balance it's just P
personal information right uh I mean
we've seen lots of other hacks and
things like that where they get a hell
of a lot more information PL text
password passwords emails addresses this
is just names and money I
think yeah yeah and it was a proper
fishing attack again like like when you
look at uh we we we just looked at a
website that was um people that have
been laid off but there's have I been
pwned That's a classic yeah um have I
been pwned is still around I'm jumping
it up right now uh 740 pwned websites
with 100,000 what is that 12 billion
pwned
accounts this stuff happens all the time
um
the jumping on here and seeing the like
yeah recently added breaches uh halfway
uh leandos I don't know what that is
leond do.tv there's a lot of users there
um you guys know you're the wor
constantly
why I throw your chips across the room
mean guy we did our best I think we did
good once you
left oh oh yeah I just immediately uh
immediately serious it after you left
the room we can't be showing you up here
L yeah yeah no we like it I don't
know I'm not saying it's definitely not
a good thing but like at this point in
time if you're putting information at
any point in time really but if you're
putting information on the internet um
you should know that there is a chance
that that information can get hacked
leaked Etc um and be prepared for the
inevitable eventuality of it happening
to some site that you have that
information on you don't necessarily
know which one it's going to be you
don't know how you don't know why you
don't know if you'll be included in the
pile of accounts that do actually get um
some amount of data taken from them
whatever um but it's like it's going to
happen
um as much as you can that is very good
um early quick disclosure is very
important in these situations because
users as much as everyone tells them not
to they're going to have the the same
password across different uh platforms
so if the password is leaked which it
doesn't sound like it was in this case
but if a password is leaked they need to
be able to respond very quickly and
change that if other sensitive
information is leaked um payment
information etc etc etc it's good for
them to know if even just their name or
something like that is leaked maybe I
don't think having association with
framework is going to be a problem but
maybe having association with whatever
service that is uh could be bad for them
for some reason K her J1 says learned my
lesson from the Ashley Madison
breach so that's an example of what you
were just talking about yeah yeah
association with the service but just in
general you don't necessarily know why
it might be important to your users so
don't mess around with it tell them as
soon as you can um is Ashley Madison
still a thing I have no idea apparently
it is yes life is short have an affair
they even still have the same tagline
why change it the original extramarital
dating site 50 million members there's
no way those are all real yeah yeah some
tiny fraction of those going to be
real yeah so I don't know uh it sucks
but it's funny cuz extra marital sounds
like like super extremely extremely
marital
yeah I am in a hyper marital
relationship who knew that inflammable
meant flammable you know
jeez yeah so I think that's all there is
to say on that um are we done should we
do more of these or should we just jump
into after
dark we can do more of these there's
some
more I want to talk about LG's washing
machine oh yeah where's
that very bottom I want you to read this
one cuz it's going to be
fun I know this one actually oh that's a
shame um I was definitely keeping up
with this one um an an an LG washing
machine user recently found that his
Appliance was using 3.6
gigabytes uh a day he joked that it was
a uh download DLC downloadable laundry
Cycles very funny uh but also found that
he couldn't disconnect the machine from
the Internet only switch it to a
different Wi-Fi signal eventually he
blocked the machine via his router uh
amazing so this isn't
like it grabbed a big update this is
continuous yeah
encrypted something
something what the no idea but it's
amazing someone found that it matched uh
I think it was like Evon lines uptime or
something um which like I mean I can't
look through the Twitter thread because
I'm not signed in and the site basically
doesn't work anymore if you're not
signed in um but yeah people were trying
to like
kind of theorize what it was doing with
obviously basically no information and
it was very funny that it basically
followed Evon lines up time but like I
seriously doubt that means anything um
but
yeah yeah just having a ton of junk in
your house on the internet is not
great you know what's great wo after
dark
yeah I'll do
it % waited for him to move a bit it's
8% I know it's 8% I fell see Luke this
is why we don't have to document
anything cuz we all just know that's how
it works right I didn't know yeah but
Luke
knew yeah but Luke won't always be here
because I'm going to be the one to win
the streak I don't know about that yeah
it's going to be it's going to be me I'm
going to win how do you think that's
going to happen I mean I moved a flight
for this I have moved multiple flights
and multiple vacations for
this I have
taken three Wan shows in 2023 were while
I was on vacation and I did it
anyways as of yesterday I've made it
even more to do this remotely so now
there's no
excuse I don't know if anyone's winning
I think this is just a Forever
War um yeah we've already accounted for
me to be on W show during my trip to
Japan
good that's required it's mandatory y we
we now will have both been in Japan and
doing W show there you go the latency is
really bad yeah the latency is pretty
rough um yeah all right Dan hit me all
right let's see what we got hey D it was
awesome being able to chat with Matt
from procurement on your CES on the CES
show floor obviously there was a ton of
AI products this year but what stood out
to you that didn't lean on AI
there's a whole section about that yeah
we kind of talked about this earlier in
the show I mean um notable non- AI
demos if we if we made a video about it
it stood out to us I watched Adam's
video on these cool flip back VR
controllers so cool so it frees up your
hands to do stuff and then you just flip
them back and yeah right oh yeah I
wasn't that into every if they get the
haptics of that is haptics the right
term the no it's not but I understand
what you mean ergonomics the feel yeah
yeah but I feel like there's a better
word I don't know if they get that right
that could feel amazing
mhm tactility says awkward chips that's
that's not bad yeah um so that that was
pretty cool um I wasn't that into some
of their accessories they have a little
BR nor cone with a little spit absorber
so that you can be less loud when you're
in like VR chat
I don't know I mean if you have a
roommate that you're bothering or
whatever I guess
but I don't know just okay I don't think
I need the spit collecting mouth cone
please I'll avoid that one I think I'll
pass on that one
too oh man hello Danny and the Jets was
recently out to dinner with co-workers
at a sports loungebar and they had a
super checks didn't get a chance to play
but it looked amazing which model do you
have lonus I have a super checks from
the '90s so not a super Check Pro and
not an original checks it's a super
checks hi wanf fam. dll lonus spoke a
few weeks ago of a badminton racket gift
that happened to Land Based on
preferences what are your racket specs
and how do you get high-end rackets in
Canada um I have a strong preference for
head heavy overall light rackets um so
so they're heavier at the head end
versus the bottom um and that's a little
bit better for attack it's a little bit
better for generating power when you're
driving or smashing um not that kind
badminton rackets are not involved in
that and as for the overall lightness I
find it helps with defense uh just to be
able to to move the head faster in order
to hit the shots back over um so it was
an asox 99 was the one that um that I
quite liked and then I right now I'm
actually a nanoflare 700 guy so I have a
handful of those that I keep strung
up I forget what the rest of your
question was
oh I don't know yo Pro Shop uh they're
they're they're local um but they also
have a web shop their shipping super
expensive cuz they ship in Canada so I
mean I get it just how it is yeah H yeah
it's hard to get down to Richmond when
they're open though so I I tend to have
to order from them online does the
Canadian government subsidize shipping
no yeah a lot of governments do
actually yeah people are chanting
envelopes oh right
envelopes uh yes I don't I have no idea
what this is yeah I guess we'll open
them they're from origin PC yeah and
they look kind of holiday and they're
sitting on the wow set I have no context
for this whatsoever I think they're
Christmas cards and they just showed up
late that's my theory I have no idea
happy holidays from origin PC oh wow
they didn't even write anything on
[Music]
them okay sick thanks
guys now we know what was in
them go ahead Dan
hey guys lonus my big screen VR headset
has finally got a label and is ready to
ship how has your headset held up so far
any dead pixels or such no oh shoot that
reminded me of something for a previous
merch message they were asking about
cool stuff that wasn't
AI
micro OLED
displays that used like Silicon
deposition rather than inkjet printing
to achieve
crazy densities I'm talking 3500 pixels
per
inch crazy bright there's this company
um imagine hold on hold on hold on
imagine Samsung acquisition Samsung
acquired them uh they were in the um
yeah yeah
imagine um they acquired them for around
$218
million and oh man so they had a 10,000
nit micro uh I believe OLED I believe it
was micro OLED display um that one
didn't have the same density cuz it was
done using the older um like printed
style of uh manufacturing but these
these new like like deposition ones
they're not as bright yet but they're
saying they'll have like a fifth of the
power consumption and once they can get
the brightness up man these things are
going to be flipping crazy for AR and VR
displays and stuff like that I'm very
excited yeah that's wicked cuz like that
that level of pixels per inch like I'm
not going to care in most scenarios but
when it's strapped right in front of my
face yeah for sure okay lmg southy in
the chat says oops maybe shouldn't have
left those on W set LOL who is lmg
souie souie I'm assuming the guy that
works at the
door
selfie what does that oh is this just is
it a handle yeah oh
okay all righty go ahead Dan uh yeah
sure yeah yeah hello Luke Dan and Tech
tips men my favorite part of LTX 2023
was the live W show with the land Center
coming does that mean we may get some
more live W shows in the
future with how close it is I feel like
we would just do W here and then drive
over yeah not not to be that guy sorry
but it's honestly way easier we'd save a
lot of Dan's time oh my God you would
yeah oh my God yeah in in and less
stress for opinion in the uh in the sake
of saving an enormous amount of time and
honestly for the people that aren't
there probably making the show better we
would just do it here and then drive
over after I could put it up on a
projector
though maybe I mean maybe but people are
probably also just going to want a game
and uh yeah I don't know you're out of
land you should be gaming yeah yeah yeah
hi w.do bought a 550x to upgrade my am4
to make it a Home Server only to find
out am4 lacks support for Windows Server
as AMD Devil's Advocate can you make up
a reason that other than just go to buy
Epic
no um I I actually didn't know that is
that on Microsoft or is that on AMD
probably AMD I would think um I know
that server has very specialized
qualifications for drivers and things
like that right yeah sort of um like a
lot of stuff will just run if you can
convince it to install um like there
used to be uh like like files that you
could just add new versions of Windows
to and it would just install and like
probably work perfectly um I uh are you
are you sure that you can't just force
an
install people are saying they didn't
know that in chat um when 10 and 11
drivers will work fine 99% of the time
people are saying like yeah if you just
if you just run if you just run the
Windows 10 and windows 11 install or
will it just work cuz that was my
experience the vast majority of the
time
okay hey din Duke and Lan I am running
for US House of Representatives in 2026
we need more Tech literate people in
government see Tik Tok hearings if you
could make or repeal any laws what would
you guys
do oh man I thought this one might be
interesting one issue is we're not
Americans so yes we don't really I would
definitely I would definitely start to
look at liability for um personal
information sharing like it should it
should if you did it on purpose it
should basically be the end of your
company if you said you wouldn't um like
you I I I just I I don't really um I
don't really understand why it's
just this constant game of you know
wrist slap and go back to doing it and
wrist slap go back to doing
it yeah um I'm also I'm also super not
into the uneven handling of antitrust in
the US like they the way they went after
Microsoft and then just didn't go after
other people sat on ass for 30 years 25
years or whatever it works out to just
has made no sense to me um not that them
going after Microsoft was necessarily
bad or wrong but if you were going to do
that you should have treated the other
companies the same way
hi lldd question for lonus I'm a new dad
the son is 4 months old that's not
really a
question do you have any advice on how
to juggle being a father husband and
working it gets very overwhelming some
days thanks for the
videos strap in
baby um I mean it gets easier year uh
the first 6 months is from what I've
seen so far the hardest at least until
you get to teenage years which I've
heard are very challenging but I'm not
there yet um just that level of
dependency is is really really tough I'd
say I'd say the biggest thing is um be
be consistent set expectations um set
expectations with you know the kids um
if you say you're going to do something
do it and you know be realistic if
you're not able to do something you know
be upfront um if you say that something
needs to be done then hold to it until
it is done because otherwise it's just
going to be a fight every time and you
know it's the it's the same with the
spouse you got to negotiate you got to
you got to compromise and it's the same
with work you've got to set expectations
like look I I can't I can't be there uh
if if the answer is you know well then
you're not going to be eligible for this
promotion then you need to set
expectations with yourself and
understand that you have a balanced life
that is not going to be 100% % focused
on career and that's that's the choice
you made and by the way it's worth
it hey L LD as a recent purchaser of a
Chevy Volt I feel like the car is way
ahead of its time what's your favorite
piece of tech that felt ahead of its
time and held that feeling long after
release the Chevy
Volt
easy hey lld how's
uh God that is it's usually his example
to that question it's only example it is
fair uh great it's his it's the best
example yeah that car is like five six
years old the one that I was
driving I would still choose it over the
vast majority of what's sitting on the
lot today if I was shopping for a car
it's probably what I would
get hey lldd how uh how does Mac address
do in terms of value to lmg and the
ability to cover app Apple products
given your relationship with them I
think I think so like basically does
having mac address get you more access
to Apple products no um I think that I
think they might have gotten an email or
something at some point maybe gotten on
a call at some point I I'm I'm not that
involved
in the relationship management side with
apple because that would be a terrible
idea sorry I snorted
um yeah oh
sorry uh Dan it's helpful if you leave
the one we're talking about up and don't
archive it yet so that I did oh I don't
see it no it's archived someone archived
it I didn't oh all right must have been
me normally I normally I leave them up
anyway yeah I like to refer back down to
them no you're good you're no no no no
I'm looking at it
now I'll be more mindful
um how feel the MAC address Channel
doing in terms of in terms of value to
lmg I mean I I think it's been a really
interesting um
study case study for us you know can we
build a channel that isn't just covering
PCT Tech with a slightly different phas
from a different perspective or with you
know kind of a different spin um and
okay yeah Macs are personal computers as
well but uh I think it's I think it's
got a really unique identity um and I
think that there's a lot that we have
learned there's a lot that has gone
really right um there's also a lot
that's gone wrong you know it's not uh I
think you might have noticed you know
the the release schedule is a little bit
erratic um and that's there's no single
point that we can that we can look at
and go okay well you know here's here's
the problem um so there's a lot that's
good there's a lot that's not as good
there's a lot we've learned and no I I
it hasn't helped my personal
relationship with you know anyone at
Apple that's for
sure hey dlll with a baby on the the way
in March any Tech advice for a new
parent maybe the best thing you had for
your kids when they were
infants just a basic baby monitor was
all we needed we didn't go video or
anything like that I I wanted to mention
kind of the baby monitor thing uh don't
don't don't just don't get an Internet
connected one maybe yeah yeah yeah let's
go with
that I want I want to say get the lizard
but I don't think that would be
safe the
lizard baby monitor as in as in a
monitor
lizard I that
face please don't kill me uh LTD must
guard its Competitive Edge but I but
would lonus ever host classes or content
on its guidelines or Lessons Learned for
writing uh people management or
workflows Tech adjacent tips always
interested me the L show I mean I'm an
open book guys you can you can ask ask
me anything in a merch message and
assuming you you know buy enough stuff
then I'll no no it's not how it works
actually but um
yeah I I don't consider that to be a
Competitive Edge guarding thing you know
I've always taken a very similar
approach to Mr Beast where my advice
might not be as good as his you know
he's clearly been more successful than I
have in terms of attracting eyeballs to
his content um but I I I'm open with it
if anyone asks me anything I'm always
happy to give the best answer I can
sometimes people ask questions that I
can't answer like Hey lonus how do I
stand out I'm like I don't know yeah how
do you stand out yeah there is there is
limitations to the format as there is
with pretty much every format but um we
talk Lots about sort of business
philosophy which um you know sometimes
does great for us and other times I feel
like bites Us in the butt uh like I
think our I've talked a lot about how I
think our our overall approach to
transparency ends up harming us more
than it helps us
yep we're not going to change though I
it's just it's it's part of the DNA like
it or
not um as for like writing and workflows
like I I actually I shared a little
while ago our our uh laws of writing
good videos like that's that's it that's
that's what we do you can that's a
formula that you can take and you can
apply for sure I don't remember which wo
it was in but there's that site that you
can search wo transcripts or something
like that so you could probably you
could probably find
it um Colton's been wanting me to do a
course like a like a formal course
forever we wouldn't even have to publish
it on a third party site like skillshare
or whatever we could just publish it on
float plane but I just um I haven't
gotten around to it and a big part of
that is I
just I don't know I feel like people
really want to know that like I I'll
I'll tell you just I don't know ask me
and we'll we'll get it sort we'll get it
sorted
out
hi
A.D um hold on this is the same one as
before at conventions like CES is it
difficult to deal with people coming up
to
you
um it's mostly can be kind of depends on
timing and I find personally yeah it
it's mostly like context I think that um
no disrespect intended but a lot of the
time um you know the Tech Community is
my people and sometimes we are not
always the most socially aware um like
okay okay this is great uh this video is
not up yet but there's um our our video
on back to front motherboards in the
Corsair Suite der bow showed up and
started recording a bit where like
obviously I was going to be in his video
and it took me a full probably 5 minutes
before after I had like appeared in his
thing to realize is that I should
probably invite him to be in ours that I
was in the middle of shooting not
because I meant any disrespect or
because I didn't want him in the video
focused I just hyperfocus right like I
just so I I so I realized before he left
and I and I uh and I like kind of
quickly came up with a way that even
though my content was scripted I had
spent the first couple of hours in the
suite researching writing and um and on
the teleprompter so it's all written by
me but it's scripted and I kind of
figured out a spot where I could throw
in sort of a a natural looking uh
conversation with him and uh fortunately
I caught him before before he left but
he could have easily left and I would
have just rudely not reciprocated again
not because we're not cordial or not
because I didn't want him in the video
just because I was completely oblivious
and I can I find that
sometimes my
peeps can be a little oblivious if I'm
walking
briskly no I don't have a lot of time um
and it's you know if you can if you can
if you can walk in selfie you know cool
yeah let's let's do it let's do it
brother but like um you know don't don't
try and do a product demo for
me like it's it's cues like that that
you know or if if the
conversation seems over
you
know yeah like you're not saying
anything anymore and I said you know
have a great
CES take off you know yeah and it's
like I'm not you know mad or anything
it's just and I get it it's it's just it
can be a really high nerves
moment it can be a lot to deal with um
but yeah
so yeah it's fine um like I you if I
didn't if I didn't like the attention
it's not like I couldn't just not go to
conventions it's not like I couldn't
just not do this career anymore like
obviously it's all right like I you know
I like seeing the community out there
I'm sure at your channel size you could
request that booths are like vacated
while you're there oh absolutely um I'm
sure that you could move more Ino I tell
people not to yeah yeah like they'll
they'll ask like do you want everything
roped off I'm like no I don't want
things roped off I want it to look like
I'm at a freaking trade show I'm at a
trade show am I not yeah most people
have enough of a clue to not walk up in
the middle of a rolling camera it still
happens it does happen
yeah I even had people say like I know
you're in the middle of a shot but I
just wanted to say hi and I was like
cool like if you're another Creator and
we have some kind of an existing
relationship by all means had that
happen and and it was good and I've done
that to other people in fact I I popped
into Tex video which he might have cut
out because I made some comment about
Epstein's flight list or
something I'm not sure poor Roby dude
why why are you like
this oh yeah you come do it to us but if
I see
you I forget why it was like um oh man
what was what was the logic it was like
well now that now that you're associated
with me you're going to you're going to
get dragged down and into my you know
ASM of
cancellation so something like it was
something like
that yeah that's rough great yeah he's
[Laughter]
great I support you any who uh let's see
at that one out of the way I have been
an electrical engineer for over a year
now but I'm not sure I actually enjoy
engineering particularly for a company
that's just trying to drive profits any
advice don't work for a company then
because that that's what they do yeah so
I I they're not profitable they don't
exist and if they don't exist your job
doesn't exist so I was I was going to
plan on being a little bit nicer about
it but effectively get the exact same
message through um or do your own thing
and you might not have the capital right
now you know or you can start small you
can start on the side you know build a
company that runs the way you want it to
run but those are your only options you
can work for someone else and kind of
deal with some of their or you
can take your ball and go home company
has to make profit or else they won't be
able to pay you
but you might also be able to look
around and find another company who's
like mission statement or drive or
whatever better aligns with things that
make your soul happy or whatever
absolutely find find a mission that
speaks to you yeah so like if you if
you're working at a company that's like
yeah we don't care it's just money we
just want money which there's a bunch of
those um and you might like that but if
you're working in a company the
fingernails from babies if they made our
cars go faster you know like there's
companies like that there are legit that
sounds like an exaggeration but they're
nothing surpris me after that eBay thing
oh there's way worse though oh man yeah
anyways um but you might be able to look
around you might have to take a little
bit less money because companies doing
that are very likely um you know I mean
they're not hunting profits as hard so
they're very likely doing things that
are less profitable therefore they' very
likely have less money um but if you can
accept the the hidden cash you might be
able to work somewhere that
um Mr worldwide asks is making a company
really practical as an electrical
engineer well it depends what kind of
scale you're trying to operate on I mean
you absolutely we we bought um bought no
they might have sent them but they sell
them for sure to other people but we got
these really cool uh custom pcie gen
four risers I think they were were they
Gen 5 compatible I don't know they were
really cool basically there's like a guy
who makes these PCI Express extenders
that we used in our oneu gaming systems
for the for the land Center uh We call
we called uh we called them out in the
video but as far as we can tell it's a
guy who designs these things and sells
them probably an electrical engineer or
electronics engineer which I actually
did not know was a different thing until
probably like
six years ago five five five or six
years ago when I um started playing
badminton with an electronics engineer
who got upset when I said when I
introduced her to someone else as an
electrical engineer she's like um
actually and I was like oh I might
deepest most sincere apologies I thought
they were just like different sides of
the same coin I thought it I thought it
was the same get that a lot yeah because
I bet you most people think they well
she runs a pet store now so I don't even
know what her issue
is it's like you don't even do any
Electronics
engineering I still earned
this I mean one of my family members is
a fully qualified lawyer passing the bar
and everything he realized I don't like
being a lawyer and now he plays
Billiards professionally poker and he
sells jet skis so like weird weird man
he's like bar pass and everything fully
qualified lawyer like I want to play
poker so it be you that's fantastic
smart people tend to find ways to do
stuff he been very successful yeah yeah
but yeah
anyways you're going to be somewhere
that cares about profit or you're going
to be working at a
nonprofit and some not for profits are
still pretty money
extremely profit focused just in a
different way so yeah um maybe start
shopping for another job it might be
more based at uh based around the the
place that you're currently working in
theer yeah all
right has any Mega Corp like Microsoft
with the recent login issue ever
responded to you chastising them on
camera for annoying long term yeah oh
yeah including Microsoft including
Microsoft I would say Microsoft's
response was pretty good every time I
saw it I don't think they've actually
fixed the modern standby thing though so
oh well that um as for that login issue
in the recent short circuit man freaking
hilarious that stupid Loop login issue
on um Halo infinite if you if if you're
trying to switch accounts it'll be like
I don't know the password uh forgot
password can't do that switch accounts
and it'll just it'll just loop around
you you I can't get out of it unless you
can log into that account or you go
delete some stupid like credential saved
in credential Manager in Windows
freaking
ridiculous how about this how about just
just none of this that that's an option
I mean bought the game on Steam you know
who I am um yeah any like I there might
be some reason why this is bad or
something but because you have to log
into the stupid thing I am logged into
whatever the Xbox account I'm I'm logged
into all the various Windows gaming junk
on my computer cuz I was trying to
trying to somehow get forsa multiplayer
to function without uh falling apart
completely uh which I wasn't successful
at um why why can't it just grab the
login from that the teams one that we
talked about last week is probably the
one that makes me the most angry when it
logs me out which I never asked it to do
and then I need it to go away right now
and you can't close it it'll just keep
reopening until you reauthenticate also
there's a there's a bug in teams where
if you click it'll it'll prompt you for
uh text for SMS or phone call and if you
click it right away or something it like
doesn't work until you like close it and
then click it or something do do you
know the one I'm talking about yes I
I've ran into that yeah like that's been
there for years a long time yeah yeah
like it's like it's like people at
Microsoft don't use their own software
anything like that should be solved
within a week if they're using the
software based on just how avoidable and
how obnoxious it is this was like
probably five years ago so it's been
quite a while um but I knew a team at
Microsoft that used
slack this was a long time
ago no idea if that's still a thing all
right
hey Luke how do you feel about EOD
filing being removed from tarov oh also
your thoughts on tarov right now as a
whole cheers guys uh I
guess yeah I don't know the EOD being
removed from tarov thing I I don't know
if I care um what is the EOD thing end
of day it it's uh Edge of Darkness I
think it stands for U and it was just
like a fancy expensive version of the
game that you could buy that like you
had more storage space in the game and
things like that
um yeah I don't know if it really
matters
um as far as my understanding goes a lot
of the cheaters just bought non EOD
accounts anyways and that the only thing
I I really care about with the game um
in regards to that I guess would be
anything they can do to reduce cheaters
um and they're not doing enough so I
don't really care if they turned off EOD
or not if they still haven't you know
done a lot for cheaters um it also gave
you access to all future DLC like
Arena okay uh they've released one thing
since they launched EOD they launched
EOD what like 8 years ago or something
and there's been one thing for for
$20 why so I'm going to save $208 years
from now like I don't know personally
them turning off EOD I don't think it
matters for the community at all maybe
someone disagrees with me maybe there's
some reason and whatever um the current
wipe I am actually playing it uh there
are a bunch of Cheaters still uh they're
very easy to find they added a thing
where you can view the profile of the
person that that uh killed you um and
you can see they're like KD how old
their account is uh all these other
various things um which is very
interesting except it combines this is
not going to make sense to either of
these guys but it combines your your PMC
and your scav stats together in that
view um so cheaters can uh
tank their KDs by just going and dying
on a scav because you can't view their
PMC specific stats which is just like I
don't know the these things that are
just annoying there's still still very
easy ways to detect them like viewing uh
their account on flea and stuff like
that there is a lot of really great
things in the current patch this has
been a very fun wipe to play I don't
know if I'm going to end up playing the
whole thing or not um there's some
things that are already feeling pretty
painful like the the armor changes they
have actual plates in the game now that
you can take in and out of um like armor
carriers and whatever else that is cool
uh except it's like super bugged in a
bunch of different ways CU of course it
is um you can see PMC specific stats
yeah I think that's for yourself I don't
think that's for the other people um
maybe I'm wrong about that I know you
can see that for yourself you can see
scav PMC and overall combined but I
think for other people you can only see
their overall uh vaulting is a great
addition to the game they did some
changes to recoil which feel fantastic
they did some changes to uh ammo that's
found in raid and and what ammo you can
put on the flea and that all actually
seems to be an improvement to me
different changes to The Hideout
including Hall of Fame and the weapon
rack both seem fantastic um bunch of
different things that feel
better the game's still riddled with
cheaters hey take take that back I used
to be a hatchling back in the early day
did you play I did yeah right when it
came out it was like the new hotness
right yeah but I never got to the point
of meta that you did which is very
interesting to see to be perfectly
honest yeah I I can't I I wish I could I
wish I could fully permanently quit
darkov um
because yeah boy is it a frustrating
game to enjoy but I hate those I keep I
keep coming back do I want another
one yeah hey lldd Sal lonus review of
the pixel 8 on short circuit and has
made me consider swapping back to
Android I saw that the photos look great
in the video how much has Luke's
experience reflected
this oh um I'm not so much of a photo
Taker and my feelings on phones are
going to be very boring to you if you
want reviews out of them um I mostly
just want it to get out of my way and it
has successfully done that to be honest
um my main complaints would be about the
form factor I kind of wish I bought the
smaller one but that's also becoming
less of an issue over time cuz I just
don't really care that much um I have
had no issues with bugs which is nice
um it seems like a very good phone I
don't know seems like a great phone I
just my amount of cares for phones these
days is not super
high what do you think of the current
state of the internet where everyone is
mostly going on like five big platforms
and websites blogs and forums are
visited not that often by average
people I mean I think it was better
before Google search got so much worse
like I feel like um that really does
seem to be the core problem yeah they
will It's a combination of them trying
to give you the result right under your
search query rather than clicking
through to actually you know read
anything or give a visit to the site
that the information was pulled from and
um and just generally being less useful
like man is it ever full of ads and
sponsored posts and just it's
like it's hard to even remember how good
it was
before um yeah I know there's no there's
no doubt that it's a huge problem and we
saw this with with the Reddit Uprising
that ended up being not even an uprising
at all
yeah yeah it it seems like
um seems like we're in kind of like a
lockin for the first time of the inter
there's certain sites that just seem
like they will like never go away oh
with my pixel no I've had no issues with
people are people are saying um any
Wi-Fi dat connection issues no not at
all um and I've actually been I've been
playing a ton of Pokemon go so I can get
out for walks um I think it was last
weekend I walked I think it was 16
kilomet on Saturday
Alone um and have had zero issues
whatsoever
so yeah know no problems there it's been
it's been honestly in regards to bugs
and issues like that it has been
Flawless zero problems in that regard at
all in your aw 2725 DF review you uh
shocked with how much better you were
tracking in Halo were you aware that
Halo added a assist for Mouse do you
think this is a good thing for the
future of FPS games I was not aware um
I'm honestly not that big into it for
future of FPS games but what I will say
is that I went home and played some more
alien some more alien some more Halo
infinite at home and was not playing as
well so I don't think it's purely
that hi w. dll mind-blowing seeing
Thunderbolt share assuming it's specific
to Blue CPU and GPU but do you think
this will be the push Intel's gpus need
what are the implications for the
industry and businesses um I think this
is just the tip of the iceberg in terms
of what this could be used for um
especially if Thunderbolt gets to the
level of ubiquity that I would like to
see it at um as for being specific to
Blue CPU and GPU actually I do not think
that is the case it's software based so
right now it's only for Thunderbolt
certified computers um I think it is not
impossible that eventually Intel could
gift this to USB if the same way that
they did the Thunderbolt 3 specification
in the first place um as for the GPU
though that is not Intel specific you
could have a different GPU in the system
no problem and Thunderbolt share would
work exactly the same way it does now
theoretically it's all Alpha right now
though lonus was buying the TCL 115 in
TV the only time you felt buyer
remorse um I don't actually have any
buyer remorse that's I guess I'm just a
really good actor uh it was it's mostly
a hook for the video it's an excuse to
talk about high senses um potentially
better TV but here's the thing High
sense's TV is not out Samsung's TV will
probably cost many times what the TCL
one did High senses TV is also smaller
and I'm watching content on my TCL right
now I'm actually stoked on that purchase
it's a wicked TV it's like kind of
amazing I freaking love it honestly the
story attached to it is super cool yeah
yeah the fact that it's like my smuggled
TV
um and you know before you before you
call me out on this I don't think I
don't think a throwaway line in a video
like doing show coverage of another TV
that has better on paper specs where I
say so this is what buyers remorse feels
like is I don't think it's dishonest I
think it's just one of those things
where it's like I'm I'm I'm playing a
bit of a character sometimes in videos
um and I could I could see someone being
frustrated that they bought a TV in you
know December um and then forgot about
CEs in January when all the cool new
stuff is going to get announced but no
I'm I'm not I'm not
upset hey w.png how have you sorry I
forgot my rule how how hey
w. have you all been able to enjoy tech
for what it is and uh not like instantly
start thinking about how you would
script it into a new video
no even me oh that's hard and I've been
out of it for years I still see stuff
and go like video idea like it's it's
just that's interesting it's drilled
into my brain hole do you still get the
same like rush cuz you just went video
idea like does it still feel like that
kind of yeah and then I'll I'll
literally like sit there and try to
break down like okay am I just excited
about this because I like this thing or
does this fit like the audience that we
have blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah start analyzing it l
looks really proud actually I I'll often
fire off ideas like that to different
writers on the team the amazing and
sometimes they either end up becoming a
video however long later or they don't I
don't
know hi W dll it's 6:00 a.m. in Denmark
and my so is annoyed I got out of bed
just to send this
message what are some dreams or wishes
that you have for yourself or loved ones
any long-term goals perhaps I want my
kids to be able to find a community I
talked about this a little bit before
how I'm deeply concerned that their
entire peer group is going to move away
from the Vancouver area and they're
going to be left with nobody that they
grew up with and I got to say for me um
hanging around with people I grew up
with honestly hasn't been that big of a
deal like I I don't miss it that much
I'm kind of not really a people person
anyway um but there are times when I'm
like oh man yeah it would have been cool
to stay connected um and I would I don't
want them to miss out especially if they
are more people personally um I also
want Ivon to be able to cut back I um
just because I subject myself to this
forever doesn't mean that she should be
subjected to this forever I think that
um there's been a little bit of a
renewed conversation around YouTuber
burnout over the last couple of weeks we
saw Tom Scott hang it up we saw Matt Pat
hang it up um and you know people people
have asked me before I've had a lot of
conversations about this actually it's
like you know um how you know how do you
keep doing this or like I'll talk to
people who are relatively new to the
game and they'll be like yeah yeah I
could do this forever I'm like yeah well
pace yourself um this career is a it's a
destroyer um it's it's it's a ton of
weight you know just having that
constant um scrutiny right you can't you
can't go home from work and ignore
everything yeah and especially once you
reach a certain level which you know
obviously was the goal right is to you
know to win the game to to get good uh
but once you reach a certain level like
you um I I always feel watched in public
you are yeah and it's yeah that's not
like weird paranoia because anyone who
build who's ever built a computer
basically uh and no not really but when
I walk around somewhere like a CES or
walk around a Best
Buy yeah like when I'm driving down the
street I'm like can I pick my nose right
now you
know right like I uh yeah yeah Jay is
stepping back for health that's another
one so it's yeah it's tough um I I I
want Ivon to be able to cut back that's
that's a personal
goal
yeah hey dll how do you guys stay
organized to-do lists uh efficiency
calendar management zero
inbox calendar Management's huge for me
uh and teams and SL both supportive
feature where you can send yourself
personal messages uh I used to do the
thing that I got from lonus which was I
would email myself all the time um but
sometimes in certain scenarios the ideas
would be flowing quick and I'd be kind
of spamming myself with emails and it
would bury other stuff so I prefer pming
myself on chat applications that support
it which are the work ones luckily and
both of them so I do that now I don't
send myself emails anymore
I do sometimes technically and I don't
know how I would Define the difference
there but sometimes it makes more sense
to me to send an email to myself than to
send a chat
message I I can't communicate the
difference but I I do understand it
internally so I don't know
whatever and let's see hey D what is one
non-tech skill that you are proud of
having what is one non-tech skill you
wish you had
I enjoy playing musical instruments but
I always wished I had more visual
Artistry
skills that's a good deal on a Wan
hoodie I guess they used the uh credit
from the backpack
oh any
who that that was a merch message yeah
yeah yeah U I think we're both trying to
think of any Tech non any non-tech
skills I have I do like three things I
play badminton which I'm okay at I do
this and I hang out with my family
you're a really good husband ah yeah I'm
great at
sex there you have it slash
s x um got him and a a non- tech
skill how'd you know that was a tech
skill got my robotic Dingle
I just assumed you
know here at
CES didn't I do that one year I think I
did that one year I think I actually did
that one year really I got a little
weird with it with CES content some oh
yeah yeah that might be true I'm pretty
sure I did that one year
though moving on should we just move on
uh I'm I'm pretty quick at folding
laundry nice you know nice one of my
chores outside of tech skill that I have
have no idea um skill that I wish I had
I I have always kind of felt this way I
wish I had faster reaction
time I don't think my reaction time is
particularly bad but I think Reaction
Time applies to kicks my ass at like
everything so like whatever so many
things in
life yeah all
right well now I feel bad why cuz you
beat me at like everything you also beat
me at a bunch of stuff super checks
we're going to play Super checks tonight
and you're going to
smash you beat me two weeks ago yeah
it's not purely reflex based though is
it no but reflexes improved so many
things yeah so many things so many
things so many different games actually
oh wow he is
slow I just didn't dodge that that was
Archangel of death that made me do that
in float plane chat
I got a mug here
reflexes you can do a mug do a mug can
DOD a ball I might Dodge that one
um I I don't know I think I think they
apply to I think far more games are
really just who has better reflexes than
people actually realize no
no no no no I do not I do not win at
Super checks because of my I'm not
saying that I just mean like I can't
even think of a game that you just win
from reflexes strong disagree I think
you might be underestimating how much
reflexes play a role in a game like
super checks oh no no I absolutely agree
with they play a role but I think that
you could have much
lower I think you could have much higher
response times and do a lot with cutting
down angles because as we've talked
about super has a significant amount
more of strategy and skill component
than a lot of those types of games sure
but like what games name a
game he's got nothing the The Standard
air hockey one no way tons of that is
reflexes sure but tons of it is also
Precision yeah what a huge amount of the
defense in that game is reflex if you
play good enough shots you don't need
defense so so reflexes can't be more
than half of the game worse statement
than my statement well your statement's
terrible conad is trying to say
badminton o yeah no I don't think so to
be honest I think badmington probably
takes this might be a really hot take
that you might disagree with I think
badmington might take less reflexes than
most people think when they watch it and
I think it takes more strategy and
planning and pre-positioning and stuff
like that so it's a huge part of it is
preparation yeah if you start swinging
when you're defending especially at a
high LEL if you start swinging for the
defensive
shot when your opponent strikes the
shuttle you are too late you have to be
swinging already and then they strike
then you reposition then you hit um so
yeah reflexes is not enough not even
close you have to prepare ahead of time
and I mean I'm sure any baseball hitter
will tell you the same thing it's like
it's not part of it is like is is mental
like it's it's got It's trying to read
the other player it's like you can't
just rely on reflexes so so raging ozaru
said so bad drivers are more likely to
have bad reflexes I don't know about
that I think I'm getting hamburger hot
doged right now pretty hard just just
putting that out there just saying
you're just completely getting rid of
skill component to everything Luke
that's that's this is my point though is
I think people are taking it that way
which is literally not at all what I
said um chewy says uh our community
manager says part of its mental of its
anabolic
steroids oh my goodness um jeez wow yeah
yeah
Bas okay all right what else we got I'm
going to stop talking about it now but
yeah I wish I could I wish I
could yeah I think all of us understood
see watch He's preparing that's what's
going to help this
time Terri
terrible tried to volleyball header it
uh that's um not
volleyball try to football yeah yeah
there we go good job got to play some
footy Hi D maybe that's the skill I
actually want yeah you just you just
want to hit things with your head maybe
I want to have not hit so many things
with my head oh that's right hid.exe
pronounced x e thanks for being awesome
at Luke do you think there is a benefit
in iil certification if looking to Pivot
careers into it uh I would look at it
jobs that you want or think you would be
able to get based on your previously
existing uh experience in education
slash the experience and education that
you will gain before you start looking
uh and look into what they need
certifications can be good but what
certifications different companies want
can vary quite a bit a decent amount of
them might not even necessarily be
looking for any or if they don't list
any they might still see certifications
and see it as a benefit even though
they're not listing it um the things
that people look for is quite varied I
personally really like seeing home lab
when I'm looking for people for it stuff
uh it varies a lot so I can't really
necessarily say yes or no I don't think
it would hurt but I also think there
there there might be better ways of
doing so it it's it's not a bad thing
it's a good thing um could just get into
that Workforce now and be gaining
experience which might be even better
and maybe you get the certification
while you were on the job maybe if that
not possible maybe go get the CT it
ranges hey L DD uh who has given you the
best tech advice that you weren't
expecting sorry who is this lonus Duke
and Dan I guess so or uh ldd so that
would be DUS Duke and Lan oh I've had
that a couple times I think that's the
new one
DUS I like that uh who's given you the
best tech tech advice that you weren't
expecting wasn't planning on buying this
but let's go they got to swack it um I
AR I archived I curated this but I
couldn't think of an answer so the best
tech advice you weren't expecting the
hard part usually I'm usually expecting
Tech advice from the kinds of people who
can give me Tech advice like sure I've
gotten lots of great Tech advice from
Wendell but like you walk into a room
and you should be expecting Tech advice
from wend so you know I can't think of
what it is the first person that jumped
in my mind was wend yeah I know I just I
like stealing your answers for things
but I was like yeah it's too expected I
think I have one though uh is little man
your son oh uh there was a I don't
remember what it was it was something
either to do with Discord or Minecraft
and he was like uh I think they were
having some trouble with something and I
had been asked to look into it and I was
like I don't know anything about
Minecraft and he ran up and just fixed
it and I was like wow yeah he does know
his mcraft nonsense pretty good yeah and
this was like two years ago I think yeah
I'm pretty sure Minecraft is the only
reason he knows how to type but he can
like touch type like oh okay for me it
was MSN Messenger for him it's Minecraft
got it works actually it was the palace
if I'm being 100% accurate the palace is
why I learned to type and the reason was
because people's uh messages were
fleeting oh so was you had your avatar
sitting next to each other and as far as
I could tell I I don't remember it
anymore but it was maybe there was a way
to see the history for the room whether
there was or wasn't it was definitely
beneficial if you wanted to keep up with
the flow of conversation um especially
because I I'm a multi message sender so
I will I will Tee It Up and then I'll
follow with like a punchline as two
messages so I got to be quick if I want
to do do that before they get a chance
to respond to the first thing I said so
it's I don't know it's a stupid thing
but yeah I can definitely type um but
yeah no he he can type and it seems to
be because he doesn't have voice chat
with randoms so he uses text chat a lot
in game that makes sense got that lead
speak yeah and that's it for the show we
got that end of the W show thank you so
much for tuning in guys uh there's still
a little bit of CES coverage coming
there's that BTF video that I talked
about you're definitely going to want to
check that out there's the AI round up
you're definitely going to want to check
that out I think there's still some more
short short circuit bud bud it's a good
thing the show's over there's there's
some short circuit videos coming uh got
a lot of good stuff lined up make sure
you don't miss it this weekend and we'll
see you again next week same bad time
same bad Channel bye I'm going to a
curling tournament
[Music]
tomorrow
he